Last login: Thu Apr 11 11:21:15 on ttys012

The default interactive shell is now zsh.
To update your account to use zsh, please run `chsh -s /bin/zsh`.
For more details, please visit https://support.apple.com/kb/HT208050.
(base) AS-AST-318-ecg224:~ eileengonzales$ ssh 912032971@n1.hpc.at.sfsu.edu
^C
(base) AS-AST-318-ecg224:~ eileengonzales$ ssh 912032971@n1.hpc.at.sfsu.edu
The authenticity of host 'n1.hpc.at.sfsu.edu (130.212.15.150)' can't be established.
ED25519 key fingerprint is SHA256:ehyG5MuDUNpreyMCQrKCUIv5Cw3H6kJX1AwTofTE7IU.
This key is not known by any other names
Are you sure you want to continue connecting (yes/no/[fingerprint])? yes
Warning: Permanently added 'n1.hpc.at.sfsu.edu' (ED25519) to the list of known hosts.
912032971@n1.hpc.at.sfsu.edu's password:
Activate the web console with: systemctl enable --now cockpit.socket

[912032971@n1 ~]$ ls
[912032971@n1 ~]$ pwd
/Users/912032971
[912032971@n1 ~]$ module list
No Modulefiles Currently Loaded.
[912032971@n1 ~]$ module avail
---------------------------------------------------- /usr/share/Modules/modulefiles -----------------------------------------------------
dot  hmpt/2.28  module-git  module-info  modules  MPInside/4.2.57  mpiplace/2.00  mpt/2.28  null  perfboost  use.own

-------------------------------------------------------- /usr/share/modulefiles ---------------------------------------------------------
pmi/pmix-x86_64
[912032971@n1 ~]$ module availclient_loop: send disconnect: Broken pipe
(base) AS-AST-318-ecg224:~ eileengonzales$
  [Restored May 14, 2024 at 11:59:50 AM]
Last login: Tue May 14 11:59:42 on console
Restored session: Tue May 14 11:59:24 PDT 2024

The default interactive shell is now zsh.
To update your account to use zsh, please run `chsh -s /bin/zsh`.
For more details, please visit https://support.apple.com/kb/HT208050.
(base) AS-AST-318-ecg224:~ eileengonzales$ ssh 912032971@n1.hpc.at.sfsu.edu
912032971@n1.hpc.at.sfsu.edu's password:
Activate the web console with: systemctl enable --now cockpit.socket

Last login: Fri May  3 12:56:53 2024 from 130.212.137.235
[912032971@n1 ~]$ which python
/usr/bin/which: no python in (/Users/912032971/.local/bin:/Users/912032971/bin:/opt/clmgr/sbin:/opt/clmgr/bin:/opt/sgi/sbin:/opt/sgi/bin:/usr/share/Modules/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/bin:/usr/local/sbin:/usr/sbin:/opt/c3/bin:/sbin:/bin)
[912032971@n1 ~]$ wget https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh
--2024-05-31 12:54:34--  https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh
Resolving repo.anaconda.com (repo.anaconda.com)... 104.16.191.158, 104.16.32.241, 2606:4700::6810:bf9e, ...
Connecting to repo.anaconda.com (repo.anaconda.com)|104.16.191.158|:443... connected.
HTTP request sent, awaiting response... 200 OK
Length: 143808873 (137M) [application/octet-stream]
Saving to: ‘Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh’

Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh  100%[=============================================================>] 137.15M   106MB/s    in 1.3s

2024-05-31 12:54:37 (106 MB/s) - ‘Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh’ saved [143808873/143808873]

[912032971@n1 ~]$ bash Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh 
bash: bash Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh : command not found...
[912032971@n1 ~]$ $TERM
bash: xterm-256color: command not found...
[912032971@n1 ~]$ ls
Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh
[912032971@n1 ~]$ bash Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh 
bash: bash Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh : command not found...
[912032971@n1 ~]$ sh Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh 
bash: sh Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh : command not found...
[912032971@n1 ~]$ chmod +x Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh && ./Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh

Welcome to Miniconda3 py312_24.4.0-0

In order to continue the installation process, please review the license
agreement.
Please, press ENTER to continue
>>>
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

Please read these Terms of Service carefully before purchasing, using, accessing, or downloading any Anaconda Offerings (the "Offerings")
. These Anaconda Terms of Service ("TOS") are between Anaconda, Inc. ("Anaconda") and you ("You"), the individual or entity acquiring and
/or providing access to the Offerings. These TOS govern Your access, download, installation, or use of the Anaconda Offerings, which are
provided to You in combination with the terms set forth in the applicable Offering Description, and are hereby incorporated into these TO
S. Except where indicated otherwise, references to "You" shall include Your Users. You hereby acknowledge that these TOS are binding, and
 You affirm and signify your consent to these TOS by registering to, using, installing, downloading, or accessing the Anaconda Offerings
effective as of the date of first registration, use, install, download or access, as applicable (the "Effective Date"). Capitalized defin
itions not otherwise defined herein are set forth in Section 15 (Definitions). If You do not agree to these Terms of Service, You must no
t register, use, install, download, or access the Anaconda Offerings.


1. ACCESS & USE.
   1. General License Grant. Subject to compliance with these TOS and any applicable Offering Description, Anaconda grants You a personal
, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, limited right to use the applicable Anaconda Offering strictly as detail
ed herein and as set forth in a relevant Offering Description. If You purchase a subscription to an Offering as set forth in a relevant O
rder, then the license grant(s) applicable to your access, download, installation, or use of a specific Anaconda Offering will be set for
th in the relevant Offering Description and any definitive agreement which may be executed by you in writing or electronic in connection
with your Order ("Custom Agreement"). License grants for specific Anaconda Offerings are set forth in the relevant Offering Description,
if applicable.
   2. License Restrictions. Unless expressly agreed by Anaconda, You may not:  (a) Make, sell, resell, license, sublicense, distribute, r
ent, or lease any Offerings available to anyone other than You or Your Users, unless expressly stated otherwise in an Order, Custom Agree
ment or the Documentation or as otherwise expressly permitted in writing by Anaconda; (b) Use the Offerings to store or transmit infringi
ng, libelous, or otherwise unlawful or tortious material, or to store or transmit material in violation of third-party privacy rights; (c
) Use the Offerings or Third Party Services to store or transmit Malicious Code, or attempt to gain unauthorized access to any Offerings
or Third Party Services or their related systems or networks; (d)Interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of any Offerings
or Third Party Services, or third-party data contained therein; (e) Permit direct or indirect access to or use of any Offerings or Third
Party Services in a way that circumvents a contractual usage limit, or use any Offerings to access, copy or use any Anaconda intellectual
 property except as permitted under these TOS, a Custom Agreement, an Order or the Documentation; (f) Modify, copy or create derivative w
orks of the Offerings or any part, feature, function or user interface thereof except, and then solely to the extent that, such activity
is required to be permitted under applicable law; (g) Copy Content except as permitted herein or in an Order, a Custom Agreement or the D
ocumentation or republish any material portion of any Offering in a manner competitive with the offering by Anaconda, including republica
tion on another website or redistribute or embed any or all Offerings in a commercial product for redistribution or resale; (h) Frame or
Mirror any part of any Content or Offerings, except if and to the extent permitted in an applicable Custom Agreement or Order for your ow
n Internal Use and as permitted in a Custom Agreement or Documentation; (i) Except and then solely to the extent required to be permitted
 by applicable law, copy, disassemble, reverse engineer, or decompile an Offering, or access an Offering to build a competitive  service
by copying or using similar ideas, features, functions or graphics of the Offering. You may not use any "deep-link", "page-scrape", "robo
t", "spider" or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquir
e, copy or monitor any portion of our Offerings or Content. Anaconda reserves the right to end any such activity. If You would like to re
distribute or embed any Offering in any product You are developing, please contact the Anaconda team for a third party redistribution com
mercial license.


2. USERS & LICENSING.
   1. Organizational Use.  Your registration, download, use, installation, access, or enjoyment of all Anaconda Offerings on behalf of an
 organization that has two hundred (200) or more employees or contractors ("Organizational Use") requires a paid license. For sake of cla
rity, use by government entities and nonprofit entities with over 200 employees or contractors is considered Organizational Use.  Educati
onal Entities will be exempt from the paid license requirement, provided that the use of the Anaconda Offering(s) is solely limited to be
ing used for a curriculum-based course. Anaconda reserves the right to monitor the registration, download, use, installation, access, or
enjoyment of the Anaconda Offerings to ensure it is part of a curriculum.
   2. Use by Authorized Users. Your "Authorized Users" are your employees, agents, and independent contractors (including outsourcing ser
vice providers) who you authorize to use the Anaconda Offering(s) on Your behalf for Your Internal Use, provided that You are responsible
 for: (a) ensuring that such Authorized Users comply with these TOS or an applicable Custom Agreement; and  (b) any breach of these TOS b
y such Authorized Users.
   3. Use by Your Affiliates. Your Affiliates may use the Anaconda Offering(s) on Your behalf for Your Internal Use only with prior writt
en approval from Anaconda.
   4. Licenses for Systems. For each End User Computing Device ("EUCD") (i.e. laptops, desktop devices) one license covers one installati
on and a reasonable number of virtual installations on the EUCD (e.g. Docker, VirtualBox, Parallels, etc.). Any other installations, usag
e, deployments, or access must have an individual license per each additional usage.
   5. Mirroring. You may only Mirror the Anaconda Offerings with the purchase of a Site License unless explicitly included in an Order Fo
rm or Custom Agreement.
   6. Beta Offerings. Anaconda provides Beta Offerings "AS-IS" without support or any express or implied warranty or indemnity for any pr
oblems or issue s, and Anaconda has no liability relating to Your use of the Beta Offerings. Unless agreed in writing by Anaconda, You wi
ll not put Beta Offerings into production use. You may only use the Beta Offerings for the period specified by Anaconda in writing; (b) A
naconda, in its discretion, may stop providing the Beta Offerings at any time, at which point You must immediately cease using the Beta O
ffering(s); and (c) Beta Offerings may contain bugs, errors, or other issues..
   7. Content. In consideration of Your payment of Subscription Fees, Anaconda hereby grants to You and Your Users a personal, non-exclus
ive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, limited right and license during the Usage Term to access, input, use, transmit, cop
y, process, and measure the Content solely (1) within the Offerings and to the extent required to enable the ordinary and unmodified func
tionality of the Offerings as described in the Offering descriptions, and (2) for your Internal Use. Customer hereby acknowledge that the
 grant hereunder is solely being provided for your Internal Use and not to modify or to create any derivatives based on the Content.


3. ANACONDA OFFERINGS.
   1. Upgrades or Additional Copies of Offerings. You may only use additional copies of the Offerings beyond Your Order if You have acqui
red such rights under an agreement with Anaconda and you may only use Upgrades under Your Order to the extent you have discontinued use o
f prior versions of the Offerings.
   2. Changes to Offerings; Maintenance. Anaconda may: (a) enhance or refine an Offering, although in doing so, Anaconda will not materia
lly reduce the core functionality of that Offering, except as contemplated in Section 3.4 (End of Life); and (b) perform scheduled mainte
nance of the infrastructure and software used to provide an Offering, during which You may experience some disruption to that Offering.
Whenever reasonably practicable, Anaconda will provide You with advance notice of such maintenance. You acknowledge that occasionally, An
aconda may need to perform emergency maintenance without providing You advance notice, during which Anaconda may temporarily suspend Your
 access to, and use of, the Offering.
   3. Use with Third Party Products. If You use the Anaconda Offering(s) with third party products, such use is at Your risk. Anaconda do
es not provide support or guarantee ongoing integration support for products that are not a native part of the Anaconda Offering(s).
   4. End of Life. Anaconda reserves the right to discontinue the availability of an Anaconda Offering, including its component functiona
lity, hereinafter referred to as "End of Life" or "EOL", by providing written notice through its official website, accessible at www.anac
onda.com at least sixty (60) days prior to the EOL. In such instances, Anaconda is under no obligation to provide support in the transiti
on away from the EOL Offering or feature, You shall transition to the latest version of the Anaconda Offering, as soon as the newest Vers
ion is released in order to maintain uninterrupted service. In the event that You or Your designated Anaconda Partner have previously rem
itted a prepaid fee for the utilization of Anaconda Offering, and if the said Offering becomes subject to End of Life (EOL) before the en
d of an existing Usage Term, Anaconda shall undertake commercially reasonable efforts to provide the necessary information to facilitate
a smooth transition to an alternative Anaconda Offering that bears substantial similarity in terms of functionality and capabilities. Ana
conda will not be held liable for any direct or indirect consequences arising from the EOL of an Offering or feature, including but not l
imited to data loss, service interruption, or any impact on business operations.


4. OPEN SOURCE, CONTENT & APPLICATIONS
   1. Open-Source Software & Packages. Our Offerings include open-source libraries, components, utilities, and third-party software that
is distributed or otherwise made available as "free software," "open-source software," or under a similar licensing or distribution model
 ("Open-Source Software"), which may be subject to third party open-source license terms (the "Open-Source Terms"). Certain Offerings are
 intended for use with open-source Python and R software packages and tools for statistical computing and graphical analysis ("Packages")
, which are made available in source code form by third parties and Community Users. As such, certain Offerings interoperate with certain
 Open-Source Software components, including without limitation Open Source Packages, as part of its basic functionality; and to use certa
in Offerings, You will need to separately license Open-Source Software and Packages from the licensor. Anaconda is not responsible for Op
en-Source Software or Packages and does not assume any obligations or liability with respect to You or Your Users' use of Open-Source Sof
tware or Packages. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Anaconda makes no warranty or indemnity hereunder with respect to any Open-S
ource Software or Packages. Some of such Open-Source Terms or other license agreements applicable to Packages determine that to the exten
t applicable to the respective Open-Source Software or Packages licensed thereunder.  Any such terms prevail over any conflicting license
 terms, including these TOS. Anaconda will use best efforts to use only Open-Source Software and Packages that do not impose any obligati
on or affect the Customer Data (as defined hereinafter) or Intellectual Property Rights of Customer (beyond what is stated in the Open-So
urce Terms and herein), on an ordinary use of our Offerings that do not involve any modification, distribution, or independent use of suc
h Open-Source Software.
   2. Open Source Project Affiliation. Anaconda's software packages are not affiliated with upstream open source projects. While Anaconda
 may distribute and adapt open source software packages for user convenience, such distribution does not imply any endorsement, approval,
 or validation of the original software's quality, security, or suitability for specific purposes.
   3. Third-Party Services and Content. You may access or use, at Your sole discretion, certain third-party products, services, and Conte
nt that interoperate with the Offerings including, but not limited to: (a) third party Packages, components, applications, services, data
, content, or resources found in the Offerings, and (b) third-party service integrations made available through the Offerings or APIs (co
llectively, "Third-Party Services"). Each Third-Party Service is governed by the applicable terms and policies of the third-party provide
r. The terms under which You access, use, or download Third-Party Services are solely between You and the applicable Third-Party Service
provider. Anaconda does not make any representations, warranties, or guarantees regarding the Third-Party Services or the providers there
of, including, but not limited to, the Third-Party Services' continued availability, security, and integrity. Third-Party Services are ma
de available by Anaconda on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis, and Anaconda may cease providing them in the Offerings at any time in it
s sole discretion and You shall not be entitled to any refund, credit, or other compensation.


5. CUSTOMER CONTENT, APPLICATIONS, & RESPONSIBILITIES
   1. Customer Content and Applications. Your content remains your own. We assume no liability for the content you publish through our se
rvices. However, you must adhere to our Acceptable Use Policy while utilizing our platform. You can share your submitted Customer Content
 or Customer Applications with others using our Offerings. By sharing Your Content, you grant legal rights to those You give access to. A
naconda has no responsibility to enforce, police, or otherwise aid You in enforcing or policing the terms of the license(s) or permission
(s) You have chosen to offer. Anaconda is not liable for third-party misuse of your submitted Customer Content or Customer Applications o
n our Offerings. Customer Applications does not include any derivative works that might be created out of open source where the license p
rohibits derivative works.
   2. Removal of Customer Content and Applications. If You received a removal notification regarding any Customer Content or a Customer A
pplication due to legal reasons or policy violations, you promptly must do so. If You don't comply or the violation persists, Anaconda ma
y disable the Content or your access to the Content. If required, You must confirm in writing that you've deleted or stopped using the Cu
stomer Content or Customer Applications. Anaconda might also remove Customer Content or Customer Applications if requested by a Third-par
ty rights holder whose rights have been violated. Anaconda isn't obliged to store or provide copies of Customer Content or Customer Appli
cations that have been removed, is Your responsibility to maintain a back-up of Your Content.
   3. Protecting Account Access. You will keep all account information up to date, use reasonable means to protect Your account informati
on, passwords, and other login credentials, and promptly notify Anaconda of any known or suspected unauthorized use of or access to Your
account.


6. YOUR DATA, PRIVACY & SECURITY
   1. Your Data. Your Data, hereinafter "Customer Data", is any data, files, attachments, text, images, reports, personal information, or
 any other data that is, uploaded or submitted, transmitted, or otherwise made available, to or through the Offerings, by You or any of y
our Authorized Users and is processed by Anaconda on your behalf. For the avoidance of doubt, Anonymized Data is not regarded as Customer
 Data. You retain all right, title, interest, and control, in and to the Customer Data, in the form submitted to the Offerings. Subject t
o these TOS, You grant Anaconda a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to store, access, use, process, copy, transmit, distribu
te, perform, export, and display the Customer Data, and solely to the extent that reformatting Customer Data for display in the Offerings
 constitutes a modification or derivative work, the foregoing license also includes the right to make modifications and derivative works.
 The aforementioned license is hereby granted solely: (i) to maintain, improve and provide You the Offerings; (ii) to prevent or address
technical or security issues and resolve support requests; (iii) to investigate when we have a good faith belief, or have received a comp
laint alleging, that such Customer Data is in violation of these TOS; (iv) to comply with a valid legal subpoena, request, or other lawfu
l process; (v) detect and avoid overage of use of our Offering and confirm compliance by Customer with these TOS and other applicable agr
eements and policies;  (vi) to create Anonymized Data whether directly or through telemetry, and (vi) as expressly permitted in writing b
y You. Anaconda may use and retain your Account Information for business purposes related to these TOS and to the extent necessary to mee
t Anaconda's legal compliance obligations (including, for audit and anti-fraud purposes). We reserve the right to utilize aggregated data
 to enhance our Offerings functionality, ensure  compliance, avoid Offering overuse, and derive insights from customer behavior, in stric
t adherence to our Privacy Policy.
   2. Processing Customer Data. The ordinary operation of certain Offerings requires Customer Data to pass through Anaconda's network. To
 the extent that Anaconda processes Customer Data on your behalf that includes Personal Data, Anaconda will handle such Personal Data in
compliance with our Data Processing Addendum
   3. Privacy Policy.  If You obtained the Offering under these TOS, the conditions pertaining to the handling of your Personal Data, as
described in our Privacy Policy, shall govern. However, in instances where your offering acquisition is executed through a Custom Agreeme
nt, the terms articulated within our Data Processing Agreement ("DPA") shall take precedence over our Privacy Policy concerning data proc
essing matters.
   4. Aggregated  Data. Anaconda retains all right, title, and interest in the models, observations, reports, analyses, statistics, datab
ases, and other information created, compiled, analyzed, generated or derived by Anaconda from platform, network, or traffic data in the
course of providing the Offerings ("Aggregated Data"). To the extent the Aggregated Data includes any Personal Data, Anaconda will handle
 such Personal Data in compliance with applicable data protection laws and the Privacy Policy or DPA, as applicable.
   5. Offering Security. Anaconda will implement industry standard security safeguards for the protection of Customer Confidential Inform
ation, including any Customer Content originating or transmitted from or processed by the Offerings and/or cached on or within Anaconda's
 network and stored within the Offerings in accordance with its policies and procedures. These safeguards include commercially reasonable
 administrative, technical, and organizational measures to protect Customer Content against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized d
isclosure, or unauthorized access, including such things as information security policies and procedures, security awareness training, th
reat and vulnerability management, incident response and breach notification, and vendor risk management procedures.


7. SUPPORT
   1. Support Services. Anaconda offers Support Services that may be included with an Offering. Anaconda will provide the purchased level
 of Support Services in accordance with the terms of the Support Policy as detailed in the applicable Order. Unless ordered, Anaconda sha
ll have no responsibility to deliver Support Services to You. The Support Service Levels and Tiers are described in the relevant Support
Policy, found here.
   2. Information Backups. You are aware of the risk that Your Content may be lost or irreparably damaged due to faults, suspension, or t
ermination. While we might back up data, we cannot guarantee these backups will occur to meet your frequency needs or ensure successful r
ecovery of Your Content. It is your obligation to back up any Content you wish to preserve. We bear no legal liability for the loss or da
mage of Your Content.


8. OWNERSHIP & INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
   1. General. Unless agreed in writing, nothing in these TOS transfers ownership in, or grants any license to, any Intellectual Property
 Rights.
   2. Feedback. Anaconda may use any feedback You provide in connection with Your use of the Anaconda Offering(s) as part of its business
 operations. You hereby agree that any feedback provided to Anaconda will be the intellectual property of Anaconda without compensation t
o the provider, author, creator, or inventor of providing the feedback.
   3. DMCA Compliance. You agree to adhere to our Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) policies established in our Acceptable Use Poli
cy.


9. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.
   1. Confidential Information. In connection with these TOS and the Offerings (including the evaluation thereof), each Party ("Discloser
") may disclose to the other Party ("Recipient"), non-public business, product, technology and marketing information, including without l
imitation, customers lists and information, know-how, software and any other non-public information that is either identified as such or
should reasonably be understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances of disclosure, whether discl
osed prior or after the Effective Date ("Confidential Information"). For the avoidance of doubt, (i) Customer Data is regarded as your Co
nfidential Information, and (ii) our Offerings, including Beta Offerings, and inclusive of their underlying technology, and their respect
ive performance information, as well as any data, reports, and materials we provided to You in connection with your evaluation or use of
the Offerings, are regarded as our Confidential Information. Confidential Information does not include information that (a) is or becomes
 generally available to the public without breach of any obligation owed to the Discloser; (b) was known to the Recipient prior to its di
sclosure by the Discloser without breach of any obligation owed to the Discloser; (c) is received from a third party without breach of an
y obligation owed to the Discloser; or (d) was independently developed by the Recipient without any use or reference to the Confidential
Information.
   2. Confidentiality Obligations. The Recipient will (i) take at least reasonable measures to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use
 of Confidential Information, and limit access to those employees, affiliates, service providers and agents, on a need to know basis and
who are bound by confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as those contained herein; and (ii) not use or disclose any Confiden
tial Information to any third party, except as part of its performance under these TOS and to consultants and advisors to such party, pro
vided that any such disclosure shall be governed by confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as those contained herein.
   3. Compelled Disclosure. Notwithstanding the above, Confidential Information may be disclosed pursuant to the order or requirement of
a court, administrative agency, or other governmental body; provided, however, that to the extent legally permissible, the Recipient shal
l make best efforts to provide prompt written notice of such court order or requirement to the Discloser to enable the Discloser to seek
a protective order or otherwise prevent or restrict such disclosure.


10. INDEMNIFICATION
   1. By Customer. Customer hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Anaconda and our Affiliates and their respective officers
, directors, employees and agents from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, liabilities, losses, reasonable expenses or
costs incurred as a result of any third party claim arising from (i) You and/or any of your Authorized Users', violation of these TOS or
applicable law; and/or (ii) Customer Data and/or Customer Content, including the use of Customer Data and/or Customer Content by Anaconda
 and/or any of our subcontractors, which infringes or violates, any third party's rights, including, without limitation, Intellectual Pro
perty Rights.
   2. By Anaconda. Anaconda will defend any third party claim against You that Your valid use of Anaconda Offering(s) under Your Order in
fringes a third party's U.S. patent, copyright or U.S. registered trademark (the "IP Claim"). Anaconda will indemnify You against the fin
al judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction or any settlements arising out of an IP Claim, provided that You:  (a) promptly
notify Anaconda in writing of the IP Claim;  (b) fully cooperate with Anaconda in the defense of the IP Claim; and (c) grant Anaconda the
 right to exclusively control the defense and settlement of the IP Claim, and any subsequent appeal. Anaconda will have no obligation to
reimburse You for Your attorney fees and costs in connection with any IP Claim for which Anaconda is providing defense and indemnificatio
n hereunder. You, at Your own expense, may retain Your own legal representation.
   3. Additional Remedies. If an IP Claim is made and prevents Your exercise of the Usage Rights, Anaconda will either procure for You th
e right to continue using the Anaconda Offering(s), or replace or modify the Anaconda Offering(s) with functionality that is non-infringi
ng. Only if Anaconda determines that these alternatives are not reasonably available, Anaconda may terminate Your Usage Rights granted un
der these TOS upon written notice to You and will refund You a prorated portion of the fee You paid for the Anaconda Offering(s) for the
remainder of the unexpired Usage Term.
   4. Exclusions.  Anaconda has no obligation regarding any IP Claim based on: (a) compliance with any designs, specifications, or requir
ements You provide or a third party provides; (b) Your modification of any Anaconda Offering(s) or modification by a third party; (c) the
 amount or duration of use made of the Anaconda Offering(s), revenue You earned, or services You offered; (d) combination, operation, or
use of the Anaconda Offering(s) with non-Anaconda products, software or business processes; (e) Your failure to modify or replace the Ana
conda Offering(s) as required by Anaconda; or (f) any Anaconda Offering(s) provided on a no charge, beta or evaluation basis; or (g) your
 use of the Open Source Software and/or Third Party Services made available to You within the Anaconda Offerings.
   5. Exclusive Remedy. This Section 11 (Indemnification) states Anaconda's entire obligation and Your exclusive remedy regarding any IP
Claim against You.


11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
   1. Limitation of Liability. Neither Party will be liable for indirect, incidental, exemplary, punitive, special or consequential damag
es; loss or corruption of data or interruption or loss of business; or loss of revenues, profits, goodwill or anticipated sales or saving
s except as a result of violation of Anaconda's Intellectual Property Rights. Except as a result of violation of Anaconda's Intellectual
Property Rights, the maximum aggregate liability of each party under these TOS is limited to: (a) for claims solely arising from software
 licensed on a perpetual basis, the fees received by Anaconda for that Offering; or (b) for all other claims, the fees received by Anacon
da for the applicable Anaconda Offering and attributable to the 12 month period immediately preceding the first claim giving rise to such
 liability; provided if no fees have been received by Anaconda, the maximum aggregate liability shall be one hundred US dollars ($100). T
his limitation of liability applies whether the claims are in warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), infringement, or otherwise
, even if either party has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Nothing in these TOS limits or excludes any liability that ca
nnot be limited or excluded under applicable law. This limitation of liability is cumulative and not per incident.
   2. Exclusions. Section 10 does not apply to liability arising from:  (a) Your failure to pay all amounts due; or (b) Your breach of Se
ction 1 (Access & Use), Section 4 (Open Source, Content & Applications), Section 5 (Customer Content, Applications & Responsibilities), S
ection 8 (Ownership & Intellectual Property) or Section 16.10 (Export).


12. FEES & PAYMENT
   1. Fees. Orders for the Anaconda Offering(s) are non-cancellable. Fees for Your use of an Anaconda Offering are set out in Your Order
or similar purchase terms with Your Approved Source.
   2. Billing. You agree to provide us with updated, accurate, and complete billing information, and You hereby authorize Anaconda, eithe
r directly or through our payment processing service or our Affiliates, to charge the applicable Fees set forth in Your Order via your se
lected payment method, upon the due date. Unless expressly set forth herein, the Fees are non-cancelable and non-refundable. We reserve t
he right to change the Fees at any time, upon notice to You if such change may affect your existing Subscriptions or other renewable serv
ices upon renewal. In the event of failure to collect the Fees You owe, we may, at our sole discretion (but shall not be obligated to), r
etry to collect at a later time, and/or suspend or cancel the Account, without notice. If You pay fees by credit card, Anaconda will char
ge the credit card in accordance with Your Subscription plan. You remain liable for any fees which are rejected by the card issuer or cha
rged back to Anaconda. You agree to pay a late charge of one percent (1%) per month (or part of a month), or the maximum lawful rate perm
itted by applicable law, whichever is less, for all amounts not paid when due.
   3. Taxes. The Fees are exclusive of any and all taxes (including without limitation, value added tax, sales tax, use tax, excise, good
s and services tax, etc.), levies, or duties, which may be imposed in respect of these TOS and the purchase or sale, of the Offerings or
other services set forth in the Order (the "Taxes"), except for Taxes imposed on our income.
   4. Payment Through Anaconda Partner. If You purchased an Offering from an Anaconda Partner or other Approved Source, then to the exten
t there is any conflict between these TOS and any terms of service entered between You and the respective Partner, including any purchase
 order, then, as between You and Anaconda, these TOS shall prevail. Any rights granted to You and/or any of the other Users in a separate
 agreement with a Partner which are not contained in these TOS, apply only in connection vis a vis the Partner.


13. TERM, TERMINATION & SUSPENSION
   1. Subscription Term. The Offerings are provided on a subscription basis for the term specified in your Order (the "Subscription Term"
). The termination or suspension of an individual Order will not terminate or suspend any other Order. If these TOS are terminated in who
le, all outstanding Order(s) will terminate.
   2. Subscription Auto-Renewal. To prevent interruption or loss of service when using the Offerings or any Subscription and Support Serv
ices will renew automatically, unless You cancel your license to the Offering, Subscription or Support Services agreement prior to their
expiration.
   3. Termination. If a party materially breaches these TOS and does not cure that breach within 30 days after receipt of written notice
of the breach, the non-breaching party may terminate these TOS for cause.  Anaconda may immediately terminate your Usage Rights if You br
each Section 1 (Access & Use), Section 4 (Open Source, Content & Applications), Section 8 (Ownership & Intellectual Property) or Section
16.10 (Export) or any of the Offering Descriptions.
   4. Survival. Section 8 (Ownership & Intellectual Property), Section 6.4 (Aggregated Data), Section 9 (Confidential Information), Secti
on 9.3 (Warranty Disclaimer), Section 12 (Limitation of Liability), Section 14 (Term, Termination & Suspension),  obligations to make pay
ment under Section 13 which accrued prior to termination (Fees & Payment), Section 14.4 (Survival), Section 14.5 (Effect of Termination),
 Section 15 (Records, User Count) and Section 16 (General Provisions) survive termination or expiration of these TOS.
   5. Effect of Termination. Upon termination of the TOS, You must stop using the Anaconda Offering(s) and destroy any copies of Anaconda
 Proprietary Technology and Confidential Information within Your control. Upon Anaconda's termination of these TOS for Your material brea
ch, You will pay Anaconda or the Approved Source any unpaid fees through to the end of the then-current Usage Term. If You continue to us
e or access any Anaconda Offering(s) after termination, Anaconda or the Approved Source may invoice You, and You agree to pay, for such c
ontinued use.
   6. Excessive Usage. We shall have the right to throttle or restrict Your access to the Offerings where we, at our sole discretion, bel
ieve that You and/or any of your Authorized Users, have misused the Offerings or otherwise use the Offerings in an excessive manner compa
red to the anticipated standard use (at our sole discretion) of the Offerings, including, without limitation, excessive network traffic a
nd bandwidth, size and/or length of Content, quality and/or format of Content, sources of Content, volume of download time, etc.


14. RECORDS, USER COUNT
   1. Verification Records. During the Usage Term and for a period of thirty six (36) months after its expiry or termination, You will ta
ke reasonable steps to maintain complete and accurate records of Your use of the Anaconda Offering(s) sufficient to verify compliance wit
h these TOS ("Verification Records"). Upon reasonable advance notice, and no more than once per 12 month period unless the prior review s
howed a breach by You, You will, within thirty (30) days from Anaconda's notice, allow Anaconda and/or its auditors access to the Verific
ation Records and any applicable books, systems (including Anaconda product(s) or other equipment), and accounts during Your normal busin
ess hours.
   2. Quarterly User Count. In accordance with the pricing structure stipulated within the relevant Order Form and this Agreement, in ins
tances where the pricing assessment is contingent upon the number of users, Anaconda will conduct a periodic true-up on  a quarterly basi
s to ascertain the alignment between the actual number of users utilizing the services and the initially reported user count, and to asse
ss for any unauthorized or noncompliant usage.
   3. Penalties for Overage or Noncompliant Use.  Should the actual user count exceed the figure initially provided, or unauthorized usag
e is uncovered, the contracting party shall remunerate the difference to Anaconda, encompassing the additional users or noncompliant use
in compliance with Anaconda's then-current pricing terms. The payment for such difference shall be due in accordance with the invoicing a
nd payment provisions specified in these TOS and/or within the relevant Order and the Agreement. In the event there is no custom commerci
al agreement beyond these TOS between You and Anaconda at the time of a true-up pursuant to Section 13.2, and said true-up uncovers unaut
horized or noncompliant usage, You will remunerate Anaconda via a back bill for any fees owed as a result of all unauthorized usage after
 April of 2020.  Fees may be waived by Anaconda at its discretion.


15. GENERAL PROVISIONS
   1. Order of Precedence. If there is any conflict between these TOS and any Offering Description expressly referenced in these TOS, the
 order of precedence is: (a) such Offering Description;  (b) these TOS (excluding the Offering Description and any Anaconda policies); th
en (c) any applicable Anaconda policy expressly referenced in these TOS and any agreement expressly incorporated by reference.  If there
is a Custom Agreement, the Custom Agreement shall control over these TOS.
   2. Entire Agreement. These TOS are the complete agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter of these TOS and supersedes
 all prior or contemporaneous communications, understandings or agreements (whether written or oral) unless a Custom Agreement has been e
xecuted where, in such case, the Custom Agreement shall continue in full force and effect and shall control.
   3. Modifications to the TOS. Anaconda may change these TOS or any of its components by updating these TOS on www.anaconda.com. Changes
 to the TOS apply to any Orders acquired or renewed after the date of modification.
   4. Third Party Beneficiaries. These TOS do not grant any right or cause of action to any third party.
   5. Assignment. Anaconda may assign this Agreement to (a) an Affiliate; or (b) a successor or acquirer pursuant to a merger or sale of
all or substantially all of such party's assets at any time and without written notice. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will be
binding upon and will inure to the benefit of Anaconda and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
   6. US Government End Users. The Offerings and Documentation are deemed to be "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer s
oftware documentation" pursuant to FAR 12.212 and DFARS 227.7202. All US Government end users acquire the Offering(s) and Documentation w
ith only those rights set forth in these TOS. Any provisions that are inconsistent with federal procurement regulations are not enforceab
le against the US Government. In no event shall source code be provided or considered to be a deliverable or a software deliverable under
 these TOS.
   7. Anaconda Partner Transactions. If You purchase access to an Anaconda Offering from an Anaconda Partner, the terms of these TOS appl
y to Your use of that Anaconda Offering and prevail over any inconsistent provisions in Your agreement with the Anaconda Partner.
   8. Children and Minors. If You are under 18 years old, then by entering into these TOS You explicitly stipulate that (i) You have lega
l capacity to consent to these TOS or Your parent or legal guardian has done so on Your behalf;  (ii) You understand the Anaconda Privacy
 Policy; and (iii) You understand that certain underage users are strictly prohibited from using certain features and functionalities pro
vided by the Anaconda Offering(s). You may not enter into these TOS if You are under 13 years old.
   9. Compliance with Laws.  Each party will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to their respective obligations under these
TOS.
   10. Export. The Anaconda Offerings are subject to U.S. and local export control and sanctions laws. You acknowledge and agree to the a
pplicability of and Your compliance with those laws, and You will not receive, use, transfer, export or re-export any Anaconda Offerings
in a way that would cause Anaconda to violate those laws. You also agree to obtain any required licenses or authorizations.  Without limi
ting the foregoing, You may not acquire Offerings if: (1) you are in, under the control of, or a national or resident of Cuba, Iran, Nort
h Korea, Sudan or Syria or if you are on the U.S. Treasury Department's Specially Designated Nationals List or the U.S. Commerce Departme
nt's Denied Persons List, Unverified List or Entity List or (2) you intend to supply the acquired goods, services or software to Cuba, Ir
an, North Korea, Sudan or Syria (or a national or resident of one of these countries) or to a person on the Specially Designated National
s List, Denied Persons List, Unverified List or Entity List.
   11. Governing Law and Venue. THESE TOS, AND ANY DISPUTES ARISING FROM THEM, WILL BE GOVERNED EXCLUSIVELY BY THE GOVERNING LAW OF DELAW
ARE AND WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS RULES OR THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION ON THE INTERNATIONAL SALE OF GOODS. EACH PARTY CONSENT
S AND SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF COURTS LOCATED WITHIN THE STATE OF DELAWARE.  EACH PARTY DOES HEREBY WAIVE HIS/HER/ITS RIG
HT TO A TRIAL BY JURY, TO PARTICIPATE AS THE MEMBER OF A CLASS IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING OR TO NAME UNNAMED MEMBE
RS IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDINGS. You acknowledge that any violation of the requirements under Section 4 (Ownership
& Intellectual Property) or Section 7 (Confidential Information) may cause irreparable damage to Anaconda and that Anaconda will be entit
led to seek injunctive and other equitable or legal relief to prevent or compensate for such unauthorized use.
   12. California Residents. If you are a California resident, in accordance with Cal. Civ. Code subsection 1789.3, you may report compla
ints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting
 them in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
   13. Notices. Any notice delivered by Anaconda to You under these TOS will be delivered via email, regular mail or postings on www.anac
onda.com. Notices to Anaconda should be sent to Anaconda, Inc., Attn: Legal at 1108 Lavaca Street, Suite 110-645 Austin, TX 78701 and leg
al@anaconda.com.
   14. Publicity. Anaconda reserves the right to reference You as a customer and display your logo and name on our website and other prom
otional materials for marketing purposes. Any display of your logo and name shall be in compliance with Your branding guidelines, if prov
ided  by notice pursuant to Section 14.12 by You. Except as provided in this Section 14.13 or by separate mutual written agreement, neith
er party will use the logo, name or trademarks of the other party or refer to the other party in any form of publicity or press release w
ithout such party's prior written approval.
   15. Force Majeure. Except for payment obligations, neither party will be responsible for failure to perform its obligations due to an
event or circumstances beyond its reasonable control.
   16. No Waiver; Severability. Failure by either party to enforce any right under these TOS will not waive that right. If any portion of
 these TOS are not enforceable, it will not affect any other terms.
   17. Electronic Signatures.  IF YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS FURTHER EVIDENCED BY YOUR AFFIRMATIVE ASSENT TO THE SAME (E.G., BY A "CH
ECK THE BOX" ACKNOWLEDGMENT PROCEDURE), THEN THAT AFFIRMATIVE ASSENT IS THE EQUIVALENT OF YOUR ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE TO THESE TERMS.  HOWE
VER, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, YOUR ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE IS NOT REQUIRED TO EVIDENCE OR FACILITATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE AND AGREEMENT TO THE
SE TERMS, AS YOU AGREE THAT THE CONDUCT DESCRIBED IN THESE TOS AS RELATING TO YOUR ACCEPTANCE AND AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS ALONE SUFFICES
.


16. DEFINITIONS.
"Affiliate" means any corporation or legal entity that directly or indirectly controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control w
ith the relevant party, where "control" means to: (a) own more than 50% of the relevant party; or (b) be able to direct the affairs of th
e relevant party through any lawful means (e.g., a contract that allows control).
"Anaconda" "we" "our" or "us" means Anaconda, Inc. or its applicable Affiliate(s).
"Anaconda Content" means any:  Anaconda Content includes geographic and domain information, rules, signatures, threat intelligence and da
ta feeds and Anaconda's compilation of suspicious URLs.
"Anaconda Partner" or "Partner" means an Anaconda authorized reseller, distributor or systems integrator authorized by Anaconda to sell A
naconda Offerings.
"Anaconda Offering" or "Offering" means the Anaconda Services, Anaconda software, Documentation, software development kits ("SDKs"), appl
ication programming interfaces ("APIs"), and any other items or services provided by Anaconda any Upgrades thereto under the terms of the
se TOS, the relevant Offering Descriptions, as identified in the relevant Order, and/or any updates thereto.
"Anaconda Proprietary Technology" means any software, code, tools, libraries, scripts, APIs, SDKs, templates, algorithms, data science re
cipes (including any source code for data science recipes and any modifications to such source code), data science workflows, user interf
aces, links, proprietary methods and systems, know-how, trade secrets, techniques, designs, inventions, and other tangible or intangible
technical material, information and works of authorship underlying or otherwise used to make available the Anaconda Offerings including,
without limitation, all Intellectual Property Rights therein and thereto.
"Anaconda Service" means Support Services and any other consultation or professional services provided by or on behalf of Anaconda under
the terms of the Agreement, as identified in the applicable Order and/or SOW.
"Approved Source" means Anaconda or an Anaconda Partner.
"Anonymized Data" means any Personal Data (including Customer Personal Data) and data regarding usage trends and behavior with respect to
 Offerings, that has been anonymized such that the Data Subject to whom it relates cannot be identified, directly or indirectly, by Anaco
nda or any other party reasonably likely to receive or access that anonymized Personal Data or usage trends and behavior.
"Authorized Users" means Your Users, Your Affiliates who have been identified to Anaconda and approved, Your third-party service provider
s, and each of their respective Users who are permitted to access and use the Anaconda Offering(s) on Your behalf as part of Your Order.
"Beta Offerings"
"Content" means Packages, components, applications, services, data, content, or resources, which are available for download access or use
 through the Offerings, and owned by third-party providers, defined herein as Third Party Content, or Anaconda, defined herein as Anacond
a Content.
"Documentation" means the technical specifications and usage materials officially published by Anaconda specifying the functionalities an
d capabilities of the applicable Anaconda Offerings.
"Educational Entities" means educational organizations, classroom learning environments, or academic instructional organizations.
"Fees" mean the costs and fees for the Anaconda Offerings(s) set forth within the Order and/or SOW, or any fees due immediately when purc
hasing via the web-portal.
"Government Entities" means any body, board, department, commission, court, tribunal, authority, agency or other instrumentality of any s
uch government or otherwise exercising any executive, legislative, judicial, administrative or regulatory functions of any Federal, State
, or local government (including multijurisdictional agencies, instrumentalities, and entities of such government)
"Internal Use" means Customer's use of an Offering for Customer's own internal operations, to perform Python/R data science and machine l
earning on a single platform from Customer's systems, networks, and devices. Such use does not include use on a service bureau basis or o
therwise to provide services to, or process data for, any third party, or otherwise use to monitor or service the systems, networks, and
devices of third parties.
"Intellectual Property Rights" means any and all now known or hereafter existing worldwide: (a) rights associated with works of authorshi
p, including copyrights, mask work rights, and moral rights; (b) trademark or service mark rights; (c) Confidential Information, includin
g trade secret rights; (d) patents, patent rights, and industrial property rights; (e) layout design rights, design rights, and other pro
prietary rights of every kind and nature other than trade dress, and similar rights; and (f) all registrations, applications, renewals, e
xtensions, or reissues of the foregoing.
"Malicious Code" means code designed or intended to disable or impede the normal operation of, or provide unauthorized access to, network
s, systems, Software or Cloud Services other than as intended by the Anaconda Offerings (for example, as part of some of Anaconda's Secur
ity Offering(s).
"Mirror" or "Mirroring" means the unauthorized or authorized act of duplicating, copying, or replicating an Anaconda Offering,  (e.g. rep
ository, including its contents, files, and data), from Anaconda's servers to another location. If Mirroring is not performed under a sit
e license, or by written authorization by Anaconda, the Mirroring constitutes a violation of Anaconda's Terms of Service and licensing ag
reements.
"Offering Description"' means a legally structured and detailed description outlining the features, specifications, terms, and conditions
 associated with a particular product, service, or offering made available to customers or users. The Offering Description serves as a le
gally binding document that defines the scope of the offering, including pricing, licensing terms, usage restrictions, and any additional
 terms and conditions.
"Order" or "Order Form"  means a legally binding document, website page, or electronic mail that outlines the specific details of Your pu
rchase of Anaconda Offerings or Anaconda Services, including but not limited to product specifications, pricing, quantities, and payment
terms either issued by Anaconda or from an Approved Source.
"Personal Data" Refers to information falling within the definition of 'personal data' and/or 'personal information' as outlined by Relev
ant Data Protection Regulations, such as a personal identifier (e.g., name, last name, and email), financial information (e.g., bank acco
unt numbers) and online identifiers (e.g., IP addresses, geolocation.
"Relevant Data Protection Regulations" mean, as applicable, (a) Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (S.C. 2000,
c. 5) along with any supplementary or replacement bills enacted into law by the Government of Canada (collectively "PIPEDA"); (b) the Gen
eral Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) and applicable laws by EU member states which either supplement or are necessa
ry to implement the GDPR (collectively "GDPR"); (c) the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (Cal. Civ. Code subsection 1798.198(a)),
along with its various amendments (collectively "CCPA"); (d) the GDPR as applicable under section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Ac
t 2018 and as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (as amen
ded) (collectively "UK GDPR"); (e) the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection  of June 19, 1992 and as it may be revised from time to time
(the "FADP"); and (f) any other applicable law related to the protection of Personal Data.
"Site License'' means a License that confers Customer the right to use Anaconda Offerings throughout an organization, encompassing author
ized Users without requiring individual licensing arrangements. Site Licenses have limits based on company size as set forth in a relevan
t Order, and does not cover future assignment of Users through mergers and acquisitions unless otherwise specified in writing by Anaconda
.
"Software" means the Anaconda Offerings, including Upgrades, firmware, and applicable Documentation.
"Subscription" means the payment of recurring Ffees for accessing and using Anaconda's Software and/or an Anaconda Service over a specifi
ed period. Your subscription grants you the right to utilize our products, receive updates, and access support, all in accordance with ou
r terms and conditions for such Offering.
"Subscription Fees" means the costs and Fees associated with a Subscription.
"Support Services" means the support and maintenance services provided by Anaconda to You in accordance with the relevant support and mai
ntenance policy ("Support Policy").
"Third Party Services" means external products, applications, or services provided by entities other than Anaconda. These services may be
 integrated with or used in conjunction with Anaconda's offerings but are not directly provided or controlled by Anaconda.
"Upgrades" means all updates, upgrades, bug fixes, error corrections, enhancements and other modifications to the Software.
"Usage Term" means the period commencing on the date of delivery and continuing until expiration or termination of the Order, during whic
h period You have the right to use the applicable Anaconda Offering.
"User"  means the individual, system (e.g. virtual machine, automated system, server-side container, etc.) or organization that (a) has v
isited, downloaded or used the Offerings(s), (b) is using the Offering or any part of the Offerings(s), or (c) directs the use of the Off
erings(s) in the performance of its functions.
"Version" means the Offering configuration identified by a numeric representation, whether left or right of the decimal place.


OFFERING DESCRIPTION: MINICONDA

This Offering Description describes the Anaconda Premium Repository (hereinafter the "Premium Repository"). Your use of the Premium Repos
itory is governed by this Offering Description, and the Anaconda Terms of Service (the "TOS", available at www.anaconda.com/legal), colle
ctively the "Agreement" between you ("You") and Anaconda, Inc. ("We" or "Anaconda"). In the event of a conflict, the order of precedence
is as follows: 1) this Offering Description; 2) if applicable, a Custom Agreement; and 3) the TOS if no Custom Agreement is in place. Cap
italized terms used in this Offering Description and/or the Order not otherwise defined herein, including in Section 6 (Definitions), hav
e the meaning given to them in the TOS or Custom Agreement, as applicable. Anaconda may, at any time, terminate this Agreement and the li
cense granted hereunder if you fail to comply with any term of this Agreement. Anaconda reserves all rights not expressly granted to you
in this Agreement.


1. Miniconda. In order to access some features and functionalities of Business, You may need to first download and install Miniconda.
2. Copyright Notice. Miniconda(R) (C) 2015-2024, Anaconda, Inc. All rights reserved under the 3-clause BSD License.
3. License Grant. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Anaconda hereby grants You a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to: (1) In
stall and use Miniconda(R); (2) Modify and create derivative works of sample source code delivered in Miniconda(R) subject to the Anacond
a Terms of Service (available at https://legal.anaconda.com/policies/en/?name=terms-of-service); and (3) Redistribute code files in sourc
e (if provided to You by Anaconda as source) and binary forms, with or without modification subject to the requirements set forth below.
4. Updates. Anaconda may, at its option, make available patches, workarounds or other updates to Miniconda(R). Unless the updates are pro
vided with their separate governing terms, they are deemed part of Miniconda(R) licensed to You as provided in this Agreement.
5. Support. This Agreement does not entitle You to any support for Miniconda(R).
6. Redistribution. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the follo
wing conditions are met: (1) Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the follo
wing disclaimer; (2) Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
7. Intellectual Property Notice. You acknowledge that, as between You and Anaconda, Anaconda owns all right, title, and interest, includi
ng all intellectual property rights, in and to Miniconda(R) and, with respect to third-party products distributed with or through Minicon
da(R), the applicable third-party licensors own all right, title and interest, including all intellectual property rights, in and to such
 products.


Do you accept the license terms? [yes|no]
>>> yes

Miniconda3 will now be installed into this location:
/Users/912032971/miniconda3

  - Press ENTER to confirm the location
  - Press CTRL-C to abort the installation
  - Or specify a different location below

[/Users/912032971/miniconda3] >>>
PREFIX=/Users/912032971/miniconda3
Unpacking payload ...

Installing base environment...


Downloading and Extracting Packages:


Downloading and Extracting Packages:

Preparing transaction: done
Executing transaction: done
installation finished.
Do you wish to update your shell profile to automatically initialize conda?
This will activate conda on startup and change the command prompt when activated.
If you'd prefer that conda's base environment not be activated on startup,
   run the following command when conda is activated:

conda config --set auto_activate_base false

You can undo this by running `conda init --reverse $SHELL`? [yes|no]
[no] >>> yes
no change     /Users/912032971/miniconda3/condabin/conda
no change     /Users/912032971/miniconda3/bin/conda
no change     /Users/912032971/miniconda3/bin/conda-env
no change     /Users/912032971/miniconda3/bin/activate
no change     /Users/912032971/miniconda3/bin/deactivate
no change     /Users/912032971/miniconda3/etc/profile.d/conda.sh
no change     /Users/912032971/miniconda3/etc/fish/conf.d/conda.fish
no change     /Users/912032971/miniconda3/shell/condabin/Conda.psm1
no change     /Users/912032971/miniconda3/shell/condabin/conda-hook.ps1
no change     /Users/912032971/miniconda3/lib/python3.12/site-packages/xontrib/conda.xsh
no change     /Users/912032971/miniconda3/etc/profile.d/conda.csh
modified      /Users/912032971/.bashrc

==> For changes to take effect, close and re-open your current shell. <==

Thank you for installing Miniconda3!
[912032971@n1 ~]$ source
-bash: source: filename argument required
source: usage: source filename [arguments]
[912032971@n1 ~]$ source $SHELL
-bash: source: /bin/bash: cannot execute binary file
[912032971@n1 ~]$ source .bashrc
(base) [912032971@n1 ~]$ conda create -n retrievals python=3.7.2
Channels:
 - defaults
Platform: linux-64
Collecting package metadata (repodata.json): done
Solving environment: done

## Package Plan ##

  environment location: /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals

  added / updated specs:
    - python=3.7.2


The following packages will be downloaded:

    package                    |            build
    ---------------------------|-----------------
    certifi-2022.12.7          |   py37h06a4308_0         150 KB
    libffi-3.2.1               |    hf484d3e_1007          48 KB
    openssl-1.1.1w             |       h7f8727e_0         3.7 MB
    pip-22.3.1                 |   py37h06a4308_0         2.7 MB
    python-3.7.2               |       h0371630_0        31.9 MB
    readline-7.0               |       h7b6447c_5         324 KB
    setuptools-65.6.3          |   py37h06a4308_0         1.1 MB
    sqlite-3.33.0              |       h62c20be_0         1.1 MB
    wheel-0.38.4               |   py37h06a4308_0          63 KB
    ------------------------------------------------------------
                                           Total:        41.2 MB

The following NEW packages will be INSTALLED:

  _libgcc_mutex      pkgs/main/linux-64::_libgcc_mutex-0.1-main
  _openmp_mutex      pkgs/main/linux-64::_openmp_mutex-5.1-1_gnu
  ca-certificates    pkgs/main/linux-64::ca-certificates-2024.3.11-h06a4308_0
  certifi            pkgs/main/linux-64::certifi-2022.12.7-py37h06a4308_0
  libedit            pkgs/main/linux-64::libedit-3.1.20230828-h5eee18b_0
  libffi             pkgs/main/linux-64::libffi-3.2.1-hf484d3e_1007
  libgcc-ng          pkgs/main/linux-64::libgcc-ng-11.2.0-h1234567_1
  libgomp            pkgs/main/linux-64::libgomp-11.2.0-h1234567_1
  libstdcxx-ng       pkgs/main/linux-64::libstdcxx-ng-11.2.0-h1234567_1
  ncurses            pkgs/main/linux-64::ncurses-6.4-h6a678d5_0
  openssl            pkgs/main/linux-64::openssl-1.1.1w-h7f8727e_0
  pip                pkgs/main/linux-64::pip-22.3.1-py37h06a4308_0
  python             pkgs/main/linux-64::python-3.7.2-h0371630_0
  readline           pkgs/main/linux-64::readline-7.0-h7b6447c_5
  setuptools         pkgs/main/linux-64::setuptools-65.6.3-py37h06a4308_0
  sqlite             pkgs/main/linux-64::sqlite-3.33.0-h62c20be_0
  tk                 pkgs/main/linux-64::tk-8.6.14-h39e8969_0
  wheel              pkgs/main/linux-64::wheel-0.38.4-py37h06a4308_0
  xz                 pkgs/main/linux-64::xz-5.4.6-h5eee18b_1
  zlib               pkgs/main/linux-64::zlib-1.2.13-h5eee18b_1


Proceed ([y]/n)? y


Downloading and Extracting Packages:

Preparing transaction: done
Verifying transaction: done
Executing transaction: done
#
# To activate this environment, use
#
#     $ conda activate retrievals
#
# To deactivate an active environment, use
#
#     $ conda deactivate

(base) [912032971@n1 ~]$ conda activate retrievals
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ which gfortan
/usr/bin/which: no gfortan in (/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/bin:/Users/912032971/miniconda3/condabin:/Users/912032971/.local/bin:/Users/912032971/bin:/opt/clmgr/sbin:/opt/clmgr/bin:/opt/sgi/sbin:/opt/sgi/bin:/usr/share/Modules/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/bin:/usr/local/sbin:/usr/sbin:/opt/c3/bin:/sbin:/bin)
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ module avail
---------------------------------------------------- /usr/share/Modules/modulefiles -----------------------------------------------------
dot  hmpt/2.28  module-git  module-info  modules  MPInside/4.2.57  mpiplace/2.00  mpt/2.28  null  perfboost  use.own

-------------------------------------------------------- /usr/share/modulefiles ---------------------------------------------------------
pmi/pmix-x86_64
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ which gcc
/usr/bin/gcc
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ conda install scipy
Channels:
 - defaults
Platform: linux-64
Collecting package metadata (repodata.json): done
Solving environment: done

## Package Plan ##

  environment location: /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals

  added / updated specs:
    - scipy


The following packages will be downloaded:

    package                    |            build
    ---------------------------|-----------------
    blas-1.0                   |              mkl           6 KB
    fftw-3.3.9                 |       h5eee18b_2         4.6 MB
    intel-openmp-2021.4.0      |    h06a4308_3561         4.2 MB
    libgfortran-ng-11.2.0      |       h00389a5_1          20 KB
    libgfortran5-11.2.0        |       h1234567_1         2.0 MB
    mkl-2021.4.0               |     h06a4308_640       142.6 MB
    mkl-service-2.4.0          |   py37h7f8727e_0          56 KB
    mkl_fft-1.3.1              |   py37hd3c417c_0         172 KB
    mkl_random-1.2.2           |   py37h51133e4_0         287 KB
    numpy-1.21.5               |   py37h6c91a56_3          10 KB
    numpy-base-1.21.5          |   py37ha15fc14_3         4.8 MB
    scipy-1.7.3                |   py37h6c91a56_2        16.5 MB
    six-1.16.0                 |     pyhd3eb1b0_1          18 KB
    ------------------------------------------------------------
                                           Total:       175.3 MB

The following NEW packages will be INSTALLED:

  blas               pkgs/main/linux-64::blas-1.0-mkl
  fftw               pkgs/main/linux-64::fftw-3.3.9-h5eee18b_2
  intel-openmp       pkgs/main/linux-64::intel-openmp-2021.4.0-h06a4308_3561
  libgfortran-ng     pkgs/main/linux-64::libgfortran-ng-11.2.0-h00389a5_1
  libgfortran5       pkgs/main/linux-64::libgfortran5-11.2.0-h1234567_1
  mkl                pkgs/main/linux-64::mkl-2021.4.0-h06a4308_640
  mkl-service        pkgs/main/linux-64::mkl-service-2.4.0-py37h7f8727e_0
  mkl_fft            pkgs/main/linux-64::mkl_fft-1.3.1-py37hd3c417c_0
  mkl_random         pkgs/main/linux-64::mkl_random-1.2.2-py37h51133e4_0
  numpy              pkgs/main/linux-64::numpy-1.21.5-py37h6c91a56_3
  numpy-base         pkgs/main/linux-64::numpy-base-1.21.5-py37ha15fc14_3
  scipy              pkgs/main/linux-64::scipy-1.7.3-py37h6c91a56_2
  six                pkgs/main/noarch::six-1.16.0-pyhd3eb1b0_1


Proceed ([y]/n)? y


Downloading and Extracting Packages:

Preparing transaction: done
Verifying transaction: done
Executing transaction: done
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ client_loop: send disconnect: Broken pipe
(base) AS-AST-318-ecg224:~ eileengonzales$







  [Restored Jun 30, 2024 at 11:48:48 AM]
Last login: Sun Jun 30 11:48:48 on ttys000
Restored session: Sun Jun 30 11:47:45 PDT 2024

The default interactive shell is now zsh.
To update your account to use zsh, please run `chsh -s /bin/zsh`.
For more details, please visit https://support.apple.com/kb/HT208050.
(base) AS-AST-318-ecg224:~ eileengonzales$
  [Restored Jul 2, 2024 at 9:43:08 AM]
Last login: Tue Jul  2 09:43:05 on console

The default interactive shell is now zsh.
To update your account to use zsh, please run `chsh -s /bin/zsh`.
For more details, please visit https://support.apple.com/kb/HT208050.
(base) AS-AST-318-ecg224:~ eileengonzales$
  [Restored Jul 16, 2024 at 11:40:01 AM]
Last login: Tue Jul 16 11:39:57 on console
Restored session: Tue Jul 16 11:38:17 PDT 2024

The default interactive shell is now zsh.
To update your account to use zsh, please run `chsh -s /bin/zsh`.
For more details, please visit https://support.apple.com/kb/HT208050.
(base) dhcp-thornton214-99:~ eileengonzales$ ssh 912032971@n1.hpc.at.sfsu.edu
912032971@n1.hpc.at.sfsu.edu's password:
Connection closed by 130.212.15.150 port 22
(base) dhcp-thornton214-99:~ eileengonzales$ ssh 912032971@n1.hpc.at.sfsu.edu
912032971@n1.hpc.at.sfsu.edu's password:
Activate the web console with: systemctl enable --now cockpit.socket

Last login: Fri May 31 12:51:03 2024 from 130.212.215.63
(base) [912032971@n1 ~]$ ls
miniconda3  Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh
(base) [912032971@n1 ~]$ conda activate retrievals
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ conde env list
bash: conde: command not found...
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ conda list
# packages in environment at /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                        main
_openmp_mutex             5.1                       1_gnu
blas                      1.0                         mkl
ca-certificates           2024.3.11            h06a4308_0
certifi                   2022.12.7        py37h06a4308_0
fftw                      3.3.9                h5eee18b_2
intel-openmp              2021.4.0          h06a4308_3561
libedit                   3.1.20230828         h5eee18b_0
libffi                    3.2.1             hf484d3e_1007
libgcc-ng                 11.2.0               h1234567_1
libgfortran-ng            11.2.0               h00389a5_1
libgfortran5              11.2.0               h1234567_1
libgomp                   11.2.0               h1234567_1
libstdcxx-ng              11.2.0               h1234567_1
mkl                       2021.4.0           h06a4308_640
mkl-service               2.4.0            py37h7f8727e_0
mkl_fft                   1.3.1            py37hd3c417c_0
mkl_random                1.2.2            py37h51133e4_0
ncurses                   6.4                  h6a678d5_0
numpy                     1.21.5           py37h6c91a56_3
numpy-base                1.21.5           py37ha15fc14_3
openssl                   1.1.1w               h7f8727e_0
pip                       22.3.1           py37h06a4308_0
python                    3.7.2                h0371630_0
readline                  7.0                  h7b6447c_5
scipy                     1.7.3            py37h6c91a56_2
setuptools                65.6.3           py37h06a4308_0
six                       1.16.0             pyhd3eb1b0_1
sqlite                    3.33.0               h62c20be_0
tk                        8.6.14               h39e8969_0
wheel                     0.38.4           py37h06a4308_0
xz                        5.4.6                h5eee18b_1
zlib                      1.2.13               h5eee18b_1
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ conda install scipy
Retrieving notices: ...working... done
Channels:
 - defaults
Platform: linux-64
Collecting package metadata (repodata.json): done
Solving environment: done

## Package Plan ##

  environment location: /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals

  added / updated specs:
    - scipy


The following packages will be downloaded:

    package                    |            build
    ---------------------------|-----------------
    ca-certificates-2024.7.2   |       h06a4308_0         127 KB
    ------------------------------------------------------------
                                           Total:         127 KB

The following packages will be UPDATED:

  ca-certificates                      2024.3.11-h06a4308_0 --> 2024.7.2-h06a4308_0


Proceed ([y]/n)? y


Downloading and Extracting Packages:

Preparing transaction: done
Verifying transaction: done
Executing transaction: done
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ conda install numpy
Channels:
 - defaults
Platform: linux-64
Collecting package metadata (repodata.json): done
Solving environment: done

# All requested packages already installed.

(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ conda install astropy
Channels:
 - defaults
Platform: linux-64
Collecting package metadata (repodata.json): done
Solving environment: done

## Package Plan ##

  environment location: /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals

  added / updated specs:
    - astropy


The following packages will be downloaded:

    package                    |            build
    ---------------------------|-----------------
    astropy-4.3.1              |   py37h09021b7_0         6.3 MB
    brotli-1.0.9               |       h5eee18b_8          18 KB
    brotli-bin-1.0.9           |       h5eee18b_8          19 KB
    cycler-0.11.0              |     pyhd3eb1b0_0          12 KB
    dbus-1.13.18               |       hb2f20db_0         504 KB
    flit-core-3.6.0            |     pyhd3eb1b0_0          42 KB
    fontconfig-2.14.1          |       h52c9d5c_1         281 KB
    fonttools-4.25.0           |     pyhd3eb1b0_0         632 KB
    freetype-2.12.1            |       h4a9f257_0         626 KB
    giflib-5.2.1               |       h5eee18b_3          80 KB
    glib-2.63.1                |       h5a9c865_0         2.9 MB
    gst-plugins-base-1.14.0    |       hbbd80ab_1         4.8 MB
    gstreamer-1.14.0           |       hb453b48_1         3.1 MB
    icu-58.2                   |       he6710b0_3        10.5 MB
    importlib-metadata-4.11.3  |   py37h06a4308_0          40 KB
    jpeg-9e                    |       h5eee18b_1         262 KB
    kiwisolver-1.4.4           |   py37h6a678d5_0          74 KB
    lcms2-2.12                 |       h3be6417_0         312 KB
    lerc-3.0                   |       h295c915_0         196 KB
    libbrotlicommon-1.0.9      |       h5eee18b_8          69 KB
    libbrotlidec-1.0.9         |       h5eee18b_8          31 KB
    libbrotlienc-1.0.9         |       h5eee18b_8         286 KB
    libdeflate-1.17            |       h5eee18b_1          64 KB
    libpng-1.6.39              |       h5eee18b_0         304 KB
    libtiff-4.5.1              |       h6a678d5_0         533 KB
    libwebp-1.2.4              |       h11a3e52_1          86 KB
    libwebp-base-1.2.4         |       h5eee18b_1         376 KB
    libxcb-1.15                |       h7f8727e_0         505 KB
    libxml2-2.9.14             |       h74e7548_0         718 KB
    matplotlib-3.5.3           |   py37h06a4308_0           7 KB
    matplotlib-base-3.5.3      |   py37hf590b9c_0         6.4 MB
    munkres-1.1.4              |             py_0          13 KB
    packaging-22.0             |   py37h06a4308_0          68 KB
    pcre-8.45                  |       h295c915_0         207 KB
    pillow-9.4.0               |   py37h6a678d5_0         721 KB
    pyerfa-2.0.0               |   py37h27cfd23_0         342 KB
    pyparsing-3.0.9            |   py37h06a4308_0         150 KB
    pyqt-5.9.2                 |   py37h05f1152_2         4.5 MB
    python-dateutil-2.8.2      |     pyhd3eb1b0_0         233 KB
    pyyaml-6.0                 |   py37h5eee18b_1         185 KB
    qt-5.9.7                   |       h5867ecd_1        68.5 MB
    sip-4.19.8                 |   py37hf484d3e_0         274 KB
    tornado-6.2                |   py37h5eee18b_0         584 KB
    typing_extensions-4.4.0    |   py37h06a4308_0          45 KB
    yaml-0.2.5                 |       h7b6447c_0          75 KB
    zipp-3.11.0                |   py37h06a4308_0          19 KB
    ------------------------------------------------------------
                                           Total:       115.8 MB

The following NEW packages will be INSTALLED:

  astropy            pkgs/main/linux-64::astropy-4.3.1-py37h09021b7_0
  brotli             pkgs/main/linux-64::brotli-1.0.9-h5eee18b_8
  brotli-bin         pkgs/main/linux-64::brotli-bin-1.0.9-h5eee18b_8
  cycler             pkgs/main/noarch::cycler-0.11.0-pyhd3eb1b0_0
  dbus               pkgs/main/linux-64::dbus-1.13.18-hb2f20db_0
  expat              pkgs/main/linux-64::expat-2.6.2-h6a678d5_0
  flit-core          pkgs/main/noarch::flit-core-3.6.0-pyhd3eb1b0_0
  fontconfig         pkgs/main/linux-64::fontconfig-2.14.1-h52c9d5c_1
  fonttools          pkgs/main/noarch::fonttools-4.25.0-pyhd3eb1b0_0
  freetype           pkgs/main/linux-64::freetype-2.12.1-h4a9f257_0
  giflib             pkgs/main/linux-64::giflib-5.2.1-h5eee18b_3
  glib               pkgs/main/linux-64::glib-2.63.1-h5a9c865_0
  gst-plugins-base   pkgs/main/linux-64::gst-plugins-base-1.14.0-hbbd80ab_1
  gstreamer          pkgs/main/linux-64::gstreamer-1.14.0-hb453b48_1
  icu                pkgs/main/linux-64::icu-58.2-he6710b0_3
  importlib-metadata pkgs/main/linux-64::importlib-metadata-4.11.3-py37h06a4308_0
  jpeg               pkgs/main/linux-64::jpeg-9e-h5eee18b_1
  kiwisolver         pkgs/main/linux-64::kiwisolver-1.4.4-py37h6a678d5_0
  lcms2              pkgs/main/linux-64::lcms2-2.12-h3be6417_0
  lerc               pkgs/main/linux-64::lerc-3.0-h295c915_0
  libbrotlicommon    pkgs/main/linux-64::libbrotlicommon-1.0.9-h5eee18b_8
  libbrotlidec       pkgs/main/linux-64::libbrotlidec-1.0.9-h5eee18b_8
  libbrotlienc       pkgs/main/linux-64::libbrotlienc-1.0.9-h5eee18b_8
  libdeflate         pkgs/main/linux-64::libdeflate-1.17-h5eee18b_1
  libpng             pkgs/main/linux-64::libpng-1.6.39-h5eee18b_0
  libtiff            pkgs/main/linux-64::libtiff-4.5.1-h6a678d5_0
  libuuid            pkgs/main/linux-64::libuuid-1.41.5-h5eee18b_0
  libwebp            pkgs/main/linux-64::libwebp-1.2.4-h11a3e52_1
  libwebp-base       pkgs/main/linux-64::libwebp-base-1.2.4-h5eee18b_1
  libxcb             pkgs/main/linux-64::libxcb-1.15-h7f8727e_0
  libxml2            pkgs/main/linux-64::libxml2-2.9.14-h74e7548_0
  lz4-c              pkgs/main/linux-64::lz4-c-1.9.4-h6a678d5_1
  matplotlib         pkgs/main/linux-64::matplotlib-3.5.3-py37h06a4308_0
  matplotlib-base    pkgs/main/linux-64::matplotlib-base-3.5.3-py37hf590b9c_0
  munkres            pkgs/main/noarch::munkres-1.1.4-py_0
  packaging          pkgs/main/linux-64::packaging-22.0-py37h06a4308_0
  pcre               pkgs/main/linux-64::pcre-8.45-h295c915_0
  pillow             pkgs/main/linux-64::pillow-9.4.0-py37h6a678d5_0
  pyerfa             pkgs/main/linux-64::pyerfa-2.0.0-py37h27cfd23_0
  pyparsing          pkgs/main/linux-64::pyparsing-3.0.9-py37h06a4308_0
  pyqt               pkgs/main/linux-64::pyqt-5.9.2-py37h05f1152_2
  python-dateutil    pkgs/main/noarch::python-dateutil-2.8.2-pyhd3eb1b0_0
  pyyaml             pkgs/main/linux-64::pyyaml-6.0-py37h5eee18b_1
  qt                 pkgs/main/linux-64::qt-5.9.7-h5867ecd_1
  sip                pkgs/main/linux-64::sip-4.19.8-py37hf484d3e_0
  tornado            pkgs/main/linux-64::tornado-6.2-py37h5eee18b_0
  typing_extensions  pkgs/main/linux-64::typing_extensions-4.4.0-py37h06a4308_0
  yaml               pkgs/main/linux-64::yaml-0.2.5-h7b6447c_0
  zipp               pkgs/main/linux-64::zipp-3.11.0-py37h06a4308_0
  zstd               pkgs/main/linux-64::zstd-1.5.5-hc292b87_2


Proceed ([y]/n)? y


Downloading and Extracting Packages:

Preparing transaction: done
Verifying transaction: done
Executing transaction: done
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ conda install corner
Channels:
 - defaults
Platform: linux-64
Collecting package metadata (repodata.json): done
Solving environment: failed

PackagesNotFoundError: The following packages are not available from current channels:

  - corner

Current channels:

  - defaults

To search for alternate channels that may provide the conda package you're
looking for, navigate to

    https://anaconda.org

and use the search bar at the top of the page.


(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ conda install matplotlib
Channels:
 - defaults
Platform: linux-64
Collecting package metadata (repodata.json): done
Solving environment: done

# All requested packages already installed.

(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ conda install pytest
Channels:
 - defaults
Platform: linux-64
Collecting package metadata (repodata.json): done
Solving environment: done

## Package Plan ##

  environment location: /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals

  added / updated specs:
    - pytest


The following packages will be downloaded:

    package                    |            build
    ---------------------------|-----------------
    attrs-22.1.0               |   py37h06a4308_0          84 KB
    importlib_metadata-4.11.3  |       hd3eb1b0_0          12 KB
    iniconfig-1.1.1            |     pyhd3eb1b0_0           8 KB
    pluggy-1.0.0               |   py37h06a4308_1          29 KB
    py-1.11.0                  |     pyhd3eb1b0_0          76 KB
    pytest-7.1.2               |   py37h06a4308_0         445 KB
    tomli-2.0.1                |   py37h06a4308_0          24 KB
    ------------------------------------------------------------
                                           Total:         678 KB

The following NEW packages will be INSTALLED:

  attrs              pkgs/main/linux-64::attrs-22.1.0-py37h06a4308_0
  importlib_metadata pkgs/main/noarch::importlib_metadata-4.11.3-hd3eb1b0_0
  iniconfig          pkgs/main/noarch::iniconfig-1.1.1-pyhd3eb1b0_0
  pluggy             pkgs/main/linux-64::pluggy-1.0.0-py37h06a4308_1
  py                 pkgs/main/noarch::py-1.11.0-pyhd3eb1b0_0
  pytest             pkgs/main/linux-64::pytest-7.1.2-py37h06a4308_0
  tomli              pkgs/main/linux-64::tomli-2.0.1-py37h06a4308_0


Proceed ([y]/n)? y


Downloading and Extracting Packages:

Preparing transaction: done
Verifying transaction: done
Executing transaction: done
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ conda install more-itertools
Channels:
 - defaults
Platform: linux-64
Collecting package metadata (repodata.json): done
Solving environment: done

## Package Plan ##

  environment location: /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals

  added / updated specs:
    - more-itertools


The following packages will be downloaded:

    package                    |            build
    ---------------------------|-----------------
    more-itertools-8.12.0      |     pyhd3eb1b0_0          49 KB
    ------------------------------------------------------------
                                           Total:          49 KB

The following NEW packages will be INSTALLED:

  more-itertools     pkgs/main/noarch::more-itertools-8.12.0-pyhd3eb1b0_0


Proceed ([y]/n)? y


Downloading and Extracting Packages:

Preparing transaction: done
Verifying transaction: done
Executing transaction: done
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ conda install schwimmbad
Channels:
 - defaults
Platform: linux-64
Collecting package metadata (repodata.json): done
Solving environment: failed

PackagesNotFoundError: The following packages are not available from current channels:

  - schwimmbad

Current channels:

  - defaults

To search for alternate channels that may provide the conda package you're
looking for, navigate to

    https://anaconda.org

and use the search bar at the top of the page.


(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ conda install mpi4py
Channels:
 - defaults
Platform: linux-64
Collecting package metadata (repodata.json): done
Solving environment: done

## Package Plan ##

  environment location: /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals

  added / updated specs:
    - mpi4py


The following packages will be downloaded:

    package                    |            build
    ---------------------------|-----------------
    mpi-1.0                    |            mpich          13 KB
    mpi4py-3.1.4               |   py37hfc96bbd_0         547 KB
    mpich-3.3.2                |       external_0          15 KB
    ------------------------------------------------------------
                                           Total:         575 KB

The following NEW packages will be INSTALLED:

  mpi                pkgs/main/linux-64::mpi-1.0-mpich
  mpi4py             pkgs/main/linux-64::mpi4py-3.1.4-py37hfc96bbd_0
  mpich              pkgs/main/linux-64::mpich-3.3.2-external_0


Proceed ([y]/n)? y


Downloading and Extracting Packages:

Preparing transaction: done
Verifying transaction: done
Executing transaction: done
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$  git clone https://github.com/JohannesBuchner/PyMultiNest/
bash:  git: command not found...
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ which Linux
/usr/bin/which: no Linux in (/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/bin:/Users/912032971/miniconda3/condabin:/Users/912032971/.local/bin:/Users/912032971/bin:/opt/clmgr/sbin:/opt/clmgr/bin:/opt/sgi/sbin:/opt/sgi/bin:/usr/share/Modules/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/bin:/usr/local/sbin:/usr/sbin:/opt/c3/bin:/sbin:/bin)
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ sudo dnf install git-all

We trust you have received the usual lecture from the local System
Administrator. It usually boils down to these three things:

    #1) Respect the privacy of others.
    #2) Think before you type.
    #3) With great power comes great responsibility.

[sudo] password for 912032971:
912032971 is not in the sudoers file.  This incident will be reported.
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ 'gcc --version'
bash: gcc --version: command not found...
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ gcc --version
gcc (GCC) 8.5.0 20210514 (Red Hat 8.5.0-20)
Copyright (C) 2018 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ module avail
---------------------------------------------------- /usr/share/Modules/modulefiles -----------------------------------------------------
dot  module-git  module-info  modules  null  use.own

-------------------------------------------------------- /usr/share/modulefiles ---------------------------------------------------------
mpi/openmpi-x86_64  pmi/pmix-x86_64
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ pip install corner
Collecting corner
  Downloading corner-2.2.1-py3-none-any.whl (15 kB)
Requirement already satisfied: matplotlib>=2.1 in ./miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages (from corner) (3.5.3)
Requirement already satisfied: fonttools>=4.22.0 in ./miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages (from matplotlib>=2.1->corner) (4.25.0)
Requirement already satisfied: kiwisolver>=1.0.1 in ./miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages (from matplotlib>=2.1->corner) (1.4.4)
Requirement already satisfied: pyparsing>=2.2.1 in ./miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages (from matplotlib>=2.1->corner) (3.0.9)
Requirement already satisfied: python-dateutil>=2.7 in ./miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages (from matplotlib>=2.1->corner) (2.8.2)
Requirement already satisfied: cycler>=0.10 in ./miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages (from matplotlib>=2.1->corner) (0.11.0)
Requirement already satisfied: pillow>=6.2.0 in ./miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages (from matplotlib>=2.1->corner) (9.4.0)
Requirement already satisfied: packaging>=20.0 in ./miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages (from matplotlib>=2.1->corner) (22.0)
Requirement already satisfied: numpy>=1.17 in ./miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages (from matplotlib>=2.1->corner) (1.21.5)
Requirement already satisfied: typing-extensions in ./miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages (from kiwisolver>=1.0.1->matplotlib>=2.1->corner) (4.4.0)
Requirement already satisfied: six>=1.5 in ./miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages (from python-dateutil>=2.7->matplotlib>=2.1->corner) (1.16.0)
Installing collected packages: corner
Successfully installed corner-2.2.1
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ pip install schwimmbad
Collecting schwimmbad
  Downloading schwimmbad-0.3.2.tar.gz (24 kB)
  Installing build dependencies ... done
  Getting requirements to build wheel ... done
  Preparing metadata (pyproject.toml) ... done
Building wheels for collected packages: schwimmbad
  Building wheel for schwimmbad (pyproject.toml) ... done
  Created wheel for schwimmbad: filename=schwimmbad-0.3.2-py3-none-any.whl size=15729 sha256=1f15bc9e7ca80e126b1cf0d502cbbd9ee774e86e0429cce7e55ac05f13585f5c
  Stored in directory: /Users/912032971/.cache/pip/wheels/b1/82/e1/c0e51960df9316e53da63a15e4c331e54dcc67203d15343f1b
Successfully built schwimmbad
Installing collected packages: schwimmbad
Successfully installed schwimmbad-0.3.2
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ pip install emcee==3.0rc2
Collecting emcee==3.0rc2
  Downloading emcee-3.0rc2-py2.py3-none-any.whl (50 kB)
     ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━ 50.3/50.3 kB 2.3 MB/s eta 0:00:00
Requirement already satisfied: numpy in ./miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages (from emcee==3.0rc2) (1.21.5)
Installing collected packages: emcee
Successfully installed emcee-3.0rc2
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ ls
miniconda3  Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ mkdir brewster
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ ls
brewster  miniconda3  Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ cd brewster/
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 brewster]$ ls
2015_06_1060grid_feh_00_co_10.txt   DISORT.f                                  nug_example_script.sh
2MASS-2MASS.H.dat                   dsolver.f                                 nug_template_script.sh
2MASS-2MASS.J.dat                   dtridgl.f                                 phys_const_mod.f90
570D_test_SLURM_script.sh           ErrPack.f                                 plot_Deck_NEST_TEMPLATE.ipynb
atmos_ops_mod.f90                   final1_abel_CIA.dat                       plot_G395Honly_emcee_NC_vsini_TEMPLATE.ipynb
band.py                             flux_calib.ipynb                          plot_postproduct_corner_TEMPLATE.ipynb
bbconv.f90                          G570D_2MassJcalib.dat                     plot_Slab_NEST_TEMPLATE.ipynb
BDREF.f                             G570D_2MHcalib.dat                        plot_template_No_Cloud_ChemicalEquilibrium.ipynb
bensconv.py                         G570D_model_benchmark_PROFILE.dat         plot_template_No_clouds.ipynb
bits_for_disort_f77.f               gaslist.dat                               plot_template_Slab89.ipynb
brewster_G395H_template.py          gaslistR10K.dat                           RDI1MACH.f
brewster_NESTED_TEMPLATE.py         gaslistR30K.dat                           read_cia.f90
brewster_template.py                gaslistRox.dat                            README.md
brewtools.py                        gas_opacity_mod.f90                       requirements.txt
BTtemp800_45_13.dat                 gfluxi.f                                  rotBroadInt.py
build                               LINPAK.f                                  settings.py
check_brewster.py                   locate.f                                  setup_RT_mod.f90
chem_eq_tables_P3K.pic              main_mod.f90                              sizes_mod.f90
CIA_DS_aug_2015.dat                 make_a_spectrum_TEMPLATE.ipynb            STSci_Vega.txt
cloudbook.xlsx                      Makefile                                  t750g1000nc_m0.0.cmp
cloudlist.dat                       Makefile_NASA                             testkit.py
cloudnest.py                        Makefile_UHcluster                        test_likelihood.ipynb
cloudpost.f90                       marv.f90                                  test_nuggets.ipynb
cloud_postprocessing_example.ipynb  mcnuggets_nc.py                           TPmod.py
cloud_props.py                      mcnuggets_TEMPLATE.py                     tristan.f
cloud.py                            Mie_cloud_1800K_model_benchmark_SPEC.dat  UH_PBS_script.sh
clouds_mod.f90                      NASA_PBS_nuggets.sh                       UKIRT-UKIDSS.H.dat
cloudtest.txt                       NASA_PBS_script.sh                        UKIRT-UKIDSS.J.dat
code_test.py                        nestkit.py                                vega.txt
common_arrays_mod.f90               No_cloud_800K_model_benchmark_SPEC.dat
define_types_mod.f90                nugbits_TEMPLATE.py
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 brewster]$ cd ../
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ ls
brewster  Clouds  miniconda3  Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ d Clouds/
bash: d: command not found...
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ cd Clouds/
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Clouds]$ ls
 Al2O3.dhs             'Channon Visscher_cv_edit.docx'   Cr-middle.mieff     Cr-steep.mieff     Fe.mieff      'Icon'$'\r'
 Al2O3.mieff            Cr.dhs                           Cr.mieff            Fe2O3_WS15.dhs     Fe-new.dhs    '#MgSiO3Cry.mieff#'
 CaTiO3.mieff           Cr-flat.dhs                      Cr-original.dhs     Fe2O3_WS15.mieff   Fe-new.mieff   OLD
 CaTiO3_WS15.refrind    Cr-flat.mieff                    Cr-original.mieff   Fe2SiO4.mieff      H2O.dhs
 CaTiO3_WS15.refrind~   Cr-middle.dhs                    Cr-steep.dhs        Fe.dhs             H2O.mieff
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Clouds]$ cd ../
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ ls
brewster  Clouds  Linelists  miniconda3  Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ ls
brewster  Clouds  Linelists  miniconda3  Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh  PyMultiNest-master
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ cd PyMultiNest-master/
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 PyMultiNest-master]$ python setup.py install
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/setuptools/installer.py:30: SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning: setuptools.installer is deprecated. Requirements should be satisfied by a PEP 517 installer.
  SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning,
running install
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install.py:37: SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning: setup.py install is deprecated. Use build and pip and other standards-based tools.
  setuptools.SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning,
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/easy_install.py:147: EasyInstallDeprecationWarning: easy_install command is deprecated. Use build and pip and other standards-based tools.
  EasyInstallDeprecationWarning,
running bdist_egg
running egg_info
creating pymultinest.egg-info
writing pymultinest.egg-info/PKG-INFO
writing dependency_links to pymultinest.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
writing top-level names to pymultinest.egg-info/top_level.txt
writing manifest file 'pymultinest.egg-info/SOURCES.txt'
reading manifest file 'pymultinest.egg-info/SOURCES.txt'
adding license file 'LICENSE'
adding license file 'COPYING'
writing manifest file 'pymultinest.egg-info/SOURCES.txt'
installing library code to build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg
running install_lib
running build_py
creating build
creating build/lib
creating build/lib/pymultinest
copying pymultinest/plot.py -> build/lib/pymultinest
copying pymultinest/analyse.py -> build/lib/pymultinest
copying pymultinest/watch.py -> build/lib/pymultinest
copying pymultinest/solve.py -> build/lib/pymultinest
copying pymultinest/__init__.py -> build/lib/pymultinest
copying pymultinest/run.py -> build/lib/pymultinest
creating build/lib/pycuba
copying pycuba/__init__.py -> build/lib/pycuba
creating build/bdist.linux-x86_64
creating build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg
creating build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/pymultinest
copying build/lib/pymultinest/plot.py -> build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/pymultinest
copying build/lib/pymultinest/analyse.py -> build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/pymultinest
copying build/lib/pymultinest/watch.py -> build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/pymultinest
copying build/lib/pymultinest/solve.py -> build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/pymultinest
copying build/lib/pymultinest/__init__.py -> build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/pymultinest
copying build/lib/pymultinest/run.py -> build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/pymultinest
creating build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/pycuba
copying build/lib/pycuba/__init__.py -> build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/pycuba
byte-compiling build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/pymultinest/plot.py to plot.cpython-37.pyc
byte-compiling build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/pymultinest/analyse.py to analyse.cpython-37.pyc
byte-compiling build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/pymultinest/watch.py to watch.cpython-37.pyc
byte-compiling build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/pymultinest/solve.py to solve.cpython-37.pyc
byte-compiling build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/pymultinest/__init__.py to __init__.cpython-37.pyc
byte-compiling build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/pymultinest/run.py to run.cpython-37.pyc
byte-compiling build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/pycuba/__init__.py to __init__.cpython-37.pyc
creating build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/EGG-INFO
installing scripts to build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/EGG-INFO/scripts
running install_scripts
running build_scripts
creating build/scripts-3.7
copying and adjusting multinest_marginals.py -> build/scripts-3.7
copying and adjusting multinest_marginals_corner.py -> build/scripts-3.7
copying and adjusting multinest_marginals_fancy.py -> build/scripts-3.7
changing mode of build/scripts-3.7/multinest_marginals.py from 644 to 755
changing mode of build/scripts-3.7/multinest_marginals_corner.py from 644 to 755
changing mode of build/scripts-3.7/multinest_marginals_fancy.py from 644 to 755
creating build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/EGG-INFO/scripts
copying build/scripts-3.7/multinest_marginals.py -> build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/EGG-INFO/scripts
copying build/scripts-3.7/multinest_marginals_fancy.py -> build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/EGG-INFO/scripts
copying build/scripts-3.7/multinest_marginals_corner.py -> build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/EGG-INFO/scripts
changing mode of build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/EGG-INFO/scripts/multinest_marginals.py to 755
changing mode of build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/EGG-INFO/scripts/multinest_marginals_fancy.py to 755
changing mode of build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/EGG-INFO/scripts/multinest_marginals_corner.py to 755
copying pymultinest.egg-info/PKG-INFO -> build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/EGG-INFO
copying pymultinest.egg-info/SOURCES.txt -> build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/EGG-INFO
copying pymultinest.egg-info/dependency_links.txt -> build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/EGG-INFO
copying pymultinest.egg-info/top_level.txt -> build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg/EGG-INFO
zip_safe flag not set; analyzing archive contents...
creating dist
creating 'dist/pymultinest-2.12-py3.7.egg' and adding 'build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg' to it
removing 'build/bdist.linux-x86_64/egg' (and everything under it)
Processing pymultinest-2.12-py3.7.egg
Copying pymultinest-2.12-py3.7.egg to /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages
Adding pymultinest 2.12 to easy-install.pth file
Installing multinest_marginals.py script to /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/bin
Installing multinest_marginals_corner.py script to /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/bin
Installing multinest_marginals_fancy.py script to /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/bin

Installed /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/pymultinest-2.12-py3.7.egg
Processing dependencies for pymultinest==2.12
Finished processing dependencies for pymultinest==2.12
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 PyMultiNest-master]$ cd ../
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ ls
brewster  Clouds  Linelists  miniconda3  Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh  PyMultiNest-master
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ ls
brewster  Clouds  Linelists  miniconda3  Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh  MultiNest-master  PyMultiNest-master
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ cd MultiNest-master/
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 MultiNest-master]$ cd MultiNest/build
-bash: cd: MultiNest/build: No such file or directory
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 MultiNest-master]$ cmake ..
CMake Error: The source directory "/Users/912032971" does not appear to contain CMakeLists.txt.
Specify --help for usage, or press the help button on the CMake GUI.
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 MultiNest-master]$ cd ../
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ cd brewster/
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 brewster]$ make clean
rm -f *.o *.mod *.MOD f90wrap*  *.pyc *.pyf *.so
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 brewster]$ ./build
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -fbounds-check -frecord-marker=4 -fdefault-real-8 -fdefault-double-8 -std=legacy -I/usr/include -c *.f
DISORT.f:602:53:

             CALL LEPOLY( NCOS, MAZIM, MXCMU, NSTR-1, ANGCOS, SQT, YLM0 )
                                                     1
Warning: Rank mismatch in argument ‘mu’ at (1) (rank-1 and scalar) [-Wargument-mismatch]
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -ffree-line-length-none -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check  -I/usr/include -c sizes_mod.f90
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -ffree-line-length-none -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check  -I/usr/include -c phys_const_mod.f90
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -ffree-line-length-none -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check  -I/usr/include -c define_types_mod.f90
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -ffree-line-length-none -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check  -I/usr/include -c common_arrays_mod.f90
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -ffree-line-length-none -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check  -I/usr/include -c atmos_ops_mod.f90
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -ffree-line-length-none -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check  -I/usr/include -c gas_opacity_mod.f90
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -ffree-line-length-none -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check  -I/usr/include -c clouds_mod.f90
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -ffree-line-length-none -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check  -I/usr/include -c setup_RT_mod.f90
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -ffree-line-length-none -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check  -I/usr/include -c main_mod.f90
main_mod.f90:60:16:

     disorting = use_disort
                1
Warning: Extension: Conversion from INTEGER(4) to LOGICAL(4) at (1)
main_mod.f90:61:13:

     bfing  = do_bff
             1
Warning: Extension: Conversion from INTEGER(4) to LOGICAL(4) at (1)
gfortran -fPIC -shared -O2 *.o -o libmarvin.so
f2py -m forwardmodel -h forwardmodel.pyf sizes_mod.f90 marv.f90
Reading fortran codes...
	Reading file 'sizes_mod.f90' (format:free)
	Reading file 'marv.f90' (format:free)
Post-processing...
	Block: forwardmodel
			Block: sizes
				Block: initwave
				Block: initgas
				Block: initpatch
				Block: initcloud
				Block: initlayers
				Block: inittemps
			Block: marv
In: :forwardmodel:marv.f90:marv
get_useparameters: no module main info used by marv
{'typespec': 'integer', 'attrspec': ['parameter']}
In: :forwardmodel:marv.f90:marv
get_parameters:parameter 'nlinetemps' does not have value?!
Post-processing (stage 2)...
	Block: forwardmodel
		Block: unknown_interface
			Block: sizes
				Block: initwave
				Block: initgas
				Block: initpatch
				Block: initcloud
				Block: initlayers
				Block: inittemps
			Block: marv
Saving signatures to file "./forwardmodel.pyf"
analyzevars: charselector={'len': '15'} unhandled.analyzevars: charselector={'len': '15'} unhandled.analyzevars: charselector={'len': '15'} unhandled.analyzevars: charselector={'len': '15'} unhandled.f2py --fcompiler=gfortran --f90flags="-O2" -I/usr/include -L/usr/local/lib -c libmarvin.so forwardmodel.pyf marv.f90
Unknown vendor: "gfortran"
running build
running config_cc
unifing config_cc, config, build_clib, build_ext, build commands --compiler options
running config_fc
unifing config_fc, config, build_clib, build_ext, build commands --fcompiler options
running build_src
build_src
building extension "forwardmodel" sources
creating /tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
f2py options: []
f2py: forwardmodel.pyf
Reading fortran codes...
	Reading file 'forwardmodel.pyf' (format:free)
Post-processing...
	Block: forwardmodel
			Block: sizes
				Block: initwave
				Block: initgas
				Block: initpatch
				Block: initcloud
				Block: initlayers
				Block: inittemps
			Block: marv
In: forwardmodel.pyf:forwardmodel:unknown_interface:marv
get_useparameters: no module main info used by marv
Post-processing (stage 2)...
	Block: forwardmodel
		Block: unknown_interface
			Block: sizes
				Block: initwave
				Block: initgas
				Block: initpatch
				Block: initcloud
				Block: initlayers
				Block: inittemps
			Block: marv
Building modules...
	Building module "forwardmodel"...
		Creating wrapper for Fortran subroutine "marv"("marv")...
		Constructing wrapper function "marv"...
		  outspec,cl_phot_press,oth_phot_press,cfunc = marv(temp,logg,r2d2,ingasnum,logvmr,pcover,do_clouds,incloudnum,cloudrad,cloudsig,cloudprof,inlinetemps,inpress,inwavenum,inlinelist,cia,ciatemps,use_disort,make_cl_pspec,make_oth_pspec,make_cf,do_bff,bff)
		Constructing F90 module support for "sizes"...
		  Variables: nclouds ngas npatch nlayers maxlayers nlinetemps nciatemps ncwave nrad nmiewave maxwave maxpatch nwave
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initwave"...
			  initwave(val)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initgas"...
			  initgas(gasval)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initpatch"...
			  initpatch(pval)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initcloud"...
			  initcloud(pval)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initlayers"...
			  initlayers(pval)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.inittemps"...
			  inittemps(pval)
	Wrote C/API module "forwardmodel" to file "/tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/forwardmodelmodule.c"
	Fortran 90 wrappers are saved to "/tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/forwardmodel-f2pywrappers2.f90"
  adding '/tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c' to sources.
  adding '/tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7' to include_dirs.
copying /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/f2py/src/fortranobject.c -> /tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
copying /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/f2py/src/fortranobject.h -> /tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
  adding '/tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/forwardmodel-f2pywrappers2.f90' to sources.
build_src: building npy-pkg config files
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install.py:37: SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning: setup.py install is deprecated. Use build and pip and other standards-based tools.
  setuptools.SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning,
running build_ext
customize UnixCCompiler
customize UnixCCompiler using build_ext
customize Gnu95FCompiler
Found executable /usr/bin/gfortran
customize Gnu95FCompiler using build_ext
building 'forwardmodel' extension
compiling C sources
C compiler: gcc -pthread -B /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/compiler_compat -Wl,--sysroot=/ -Wsign-compare -DNDEBUG -g -fwrapv -O3 -Wall -Wstrict-prototypes -fPIC

creating /tmp/tmp29or752_/tmp
creating /tmp/tmp29or752_/tmp/tmp29or752_
creating /tmp/tmp29or752_/tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
compile options: '-DNPY_DISABLE_OPTIMIZATION=1 -I/usr/include -I/tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7 -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/include/python3.7m -c'
gcc: /tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/forwardmodelmodule.c
gcc: /tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c
In file included from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarraytypes.h:1969,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarrayobject.h:1,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/arrayobject.h:4,
                 from /tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.h:13,
                 from /tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c:2:
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_1_7_deprecated_api.h:17:2: warning:#warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " "#define NPY_NO_DEPRECATED_API NPY_1_7_API_VERSION" [-Wcpp]
 #warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " \
  ^~~~~~~
In file included from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarraytypes.h:1969,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarrayobject.h:1,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/arrayobject.h:4,
                 from /tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.h:13,
                 from /tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/forwardmodelmodule.c:16:
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_1_7_deprecated_api.h:17:2: warning:#warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " "#define NPY_NO_DEPRECATED_API NPY_1_7_API_VERSION" [-Wcpp]
 #warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " \
  ^~~~~~~
/tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/forwardmodelmodule.c:177:12: warning: ‘f2py_size’ defined but not used [-Wunused-function]
 static int f2py_size(PyArrayObject* var, ...)
            ^~~~~~~~~
compiling Fortran sources
Fortran f77 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran f90 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -O2 -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran fix compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -O2 -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
compile options: '-I/usr/include -I/tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7 -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/include/python3.7m -c'
gfortran:f90: marv.f90
marv.f90:66:11:

   clphot = make_cl_pspec
           1
Warning: Extension: Conversion from INTEGER(4) to LOGICAL(4) at (1)
marv.f90:67:12:

   othphot = make_oth_pspec
            1
Warning: Extension: Conversion from INTEGER(4) to LOGICAL(4) at (1)
marv.f90:68:10:

   do_cf = make_cf
          1
Warning: Extension: Conversion from INTEGER(4) to LOGICAL(4) at (1)
gfortran:f90: /tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/forwardmodel-f2pywrappers2.f90
/usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -Wall -g -shared /tmp/tmp29or752_/tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/forwardmodelmodule.o /tmp/tmp29or752_/tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.o /tmp/tmp29or752_/marv.o /tmp/tmp29or752_/tmp/tmp29or752_/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/forwardmodel-f2pywrappers2.o libmarvin.so -L/usr/local/lib -L/usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-redhat-linux/8 -L/usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-redhat-linux/8 -lgfortran -o ./forwardmodel.cpython-37m-x86_64-linux-gnu.so
Removing build directory /tmp/tmp29or752_
f2py -m ciamod -h ciamod.pyf sizes_mod.f90 read_cia.f90
Reading fortran codes...
	Reading file 'sizes_mod.f90' (format:free)
	Reading file 'read_cia.f90' (format:free)
Post-processing...
	Block: ciamod
			Block: sizes
				Block: initwave
				Block: initgas
				Block: initpatch
				Block: initcloud
				Block: initlayers
				Block: inittemps
			Block: read_cia
{'typespec': 'integer', 'attrspec': ['parameter']}
In: :ciamod:read_cia.f90:read_cia
get_parameters:parameter 'nciatemps' does not have value?!
{'typespec': 'integer', 'attrspec': ['parameter']}
In: :ciamod:read_cia.f90:read_cia
get_parameters:parameter 'ncwave' does not have value?!
Post-processing (stage 2)...
	Block: ciamod
		Block: unknown_interface
			Block: sizes
				Block: initwave
				Block: initgas
				Block: initpatch
				Block: initcloud
				Block: initlayers
				Block: inittemps
			Block: read_cia
Saving signatures to file "./ciamod.pyf"
f2py --fcompiler=gfortran --f90flags="-O2" -I/usr/include -L/usr/local/lib -c ciamod.pyf sizes_mod.f90 read_cia.f90
Unknown vendor: "gfortran"
running build
running config_cc
unifing config_cc, config, build_clib, build_ext, build commands --compiler options
running config_fc
unifing config_fc, config, build_clib, build_ext, build commands --fcompiler options
running build_src
build_src
building extension "ciamod" sources
creating /tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
f2py options: []
f2py: ciamod.pyf
Reading fortran codes...
	Reading file 'ciamod.pyf' (format:free)
Post-processing...
	Block: ciamod
			Block: sizes
				Block: initwave
				Block: initgas
				Block: initpatch
				Block: initcloud
				Block: initlayers
				Block: inittemps
			Block: read_cia
Post-processing (stage 2)...
	Block: ciamod
		Block: unknown_interface
			Block: sizes
				Block: initwave
				Block: initgas
				Block: initpatch
				Block: initcloud
				Block: initlayers
				Block: inittemps
			Block: read_cia
Building modules...
	Building module "ciamod"...
		Creating wrapper for Fortran subroutine "read_cia"("read_cia")...
		Constructing wrapper function "read_cia"...
		  outcia,ciatemps = read_cia(filename,wavenum)
		Constructing F90 module support for "sizes"...
		  Variables: nclouds ngas npatch nlayers maxlayers nlinetemps nciatemps ncwave nrad nmiewave maxwave maxpatch nwave
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initwave"...
			  initwave(val)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initgas"...
			  initgas(gasval)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initpatch"...
			  initpatch(pval)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initcloud"...
			  initcloud(pval)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initlayers"...
			  initlayers(pval)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.inittemps"...
			  inittemps(pval)
	Wrote C/API module "ciamod" to file "/tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/ciamodmodule.c"
	Fortran 90 wrappers are saved to "/tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/ciamod-f2pywrappers2.f90"
  adding '/tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c' to sources.
  adding '/tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7' to include_dirs.
copying /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/f2py/src/fortranobject.c -> /tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
copying /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/f2py/src/fortranobject.h -> /tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
  adding '/tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/ciamod-f2pywrappers2.f90' to sources.
build_src: building npy-pkg config files
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install.py:37: SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning: setup.py install is deprecated. Use build and pip and other standards-based tools.
  setuptools.SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning,
running build_ext
customize UnixCCompiler
customize UnixCCompiler using build_ext
customize Gnu95FCompiler
Found executable /usr/bin/gfortran
customize Gnu95FCompiler using build_ext
building 'ciamod' extension
compiling C sources
C compiler: gcc -pthread -B /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/compiler_compat -Wl,--sysroot=/ -Wsign-compare -DNDEBUG -g -fwrapv -O3 -Wall -Wstrict-prototypes -fPIC

creating /tmp/tmp0xzjod00/tmp
creating /tmp/tmp0xzjod00/tmp/tmp0xzjod00
creating /tmp/tmp0xzjod00/tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
compile options: '-DNPY_DISABLE_OPTIMIZATION=1 -I/usr/include -I/tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7 -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/include/python3.7m -c'
gcc: /tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/ciamodmodule.c
gcc: /tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c
In file included from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarraytypes.h:1969,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarrayobject.h:1,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/arrayobject.h:4,
                 from /tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.h:13,
                 from /tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/ciamodmodule.c:16:
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_1_7_deprecated_api.h:17:2: warning:#warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " "#define NPY_NO_DEPRECATED_API NPY_1_7_API_VERSION" [-Wcpp]
 #warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " \
  ^~~~~~~
In file included from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarraytypes.h:1969,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarrayobject.h:1,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/arrayobject.h:4,
                 from /tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.h:13,
                 from /tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c:2:
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_1_7_deprecated_api.h:17:2: warning:#warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " "#define NPY_NO_DEPRECATED_API NPY_1_7_API_VERSION" [-Wcpp]
 #warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " \
  ^~~~~~~
/tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/ciamodmodule.c:170:12: warning: ‘f2py_size’ defined but not used [-Wunused-function]
 static int f2py_size(PyArrayObject* var, ...)
            ^~~~~~~~~
compiling Fortran 90 module sources
Fortran f77 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran f90 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -O2 -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran fix compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -O2 -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
compile options: '-I/usr/include -I/tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7 -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/include/python3.7m -c'
extra options: '-J/tmp/tmp0xzjod00/ -I/tmp/tmp0xzjod00/'
gfortran:f90: sizes_mod.f90
compiling Fortran sources
Fortran f77 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran f90 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -O2 -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran fix compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -O2 -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
compile options: '-I/usr/include -I/tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7 -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/include/python3.7m -c'
extra options: '-J/tmp/tmp0xzjod00/ -I/tmp/tmp0xzjod00/'
gfortran:f90: read_cia.f90
gfortran:f90: /tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/ciamod-f2pywrappers2.f90
/usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -Wall -g -shared /tmp/tmp0xzjod00/tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/ciamodmodule.o /tmp/tmp0xzjod00/tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.o /tmp/tmp0xzjod00/sizes_mod.o /tmp/tmp0xzjod00/read_cia.o /tmp/tmp0xzjod00/tmp/tmp0xzjod00/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/ciamod-f2pywrappers2.o -L/usr/local/lib -L/usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-redhat-linux/8 -L/usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-redhat-linux/8 -lgfortran -o ./ciamod.cpython-37m-x86_64-linux-gnu.so
Removing build directory /tmp/tmp0xzjod00
f2py -m bbconv -h bbconv.pyf bbconv.f90
Reading fortran codes...
	Reading file 'bbconv.f90' (format:free)
Post-processing...
	Block: bbconv
			Block: prism
			Block: convfwhm
			Block: convr
Post-processing (stage 2)...
Saving signatures to file "./bbconv.pyf"
f2py --fcompiler=gfortran --f90flags="-O2" -I/usr/include -L/usr/local/lib -c bbconv.pyf bbconv.f90
Unknown vendor: "gfortran"
running build
running config_cc
unifing config_cc, config, build_clib, build_ext, build commands --compiler options
running config_fc
unifing config_fc, config, build_clib, build_ext, build commands --fcompiler options
running build_src
build_src
building extension "bbconv" sources
creating /tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
f2py options: []
f2py: bbconv.pyf
Reading fortran codes...
	Reading file 'bbconv.pyf' (format:free)
Post-processing...
	Block: bbconv
			Block: prism
			Block: convfwhm
			Block: convr
Post-processing (stage 2)...
Building modules...
	Building module "bbconv"...
		Creating wrapper for Fortran subroutine "prism"("prism")...
		Constructing wrapper function "prism"...
		  fratio_int = prism(obspec,modspec,resel)
		Creating wrapper for Fortran subroutine "convfwhm"("convfwhm")...
		Constructing wrapper function "convfwhm"...
		  fratio_int = convfwhm(obspec,modspec,fwhm)
		Creating wrapper for Fortran subroutine "convr"("convr")...
		Constructing wrapper function "convr"...
		  fratio_int = convr(obspec,modspec,r)
	Wrote C/API module "bbconv" to file "/tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/bbconvmodule.c"
	Fortran 90 wrappers are saved to "/tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/bbconv-f2pywrappers2.f90"
  adding '/tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c' to sources.
  adding '/tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7' to include_dirs.
copying /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/f2py/src/fortranobject.c -> /tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
copying /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/f2py/src/fortranobject.h -> /tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
  adding '/tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/bbconv-f2pywrappers2.f90' to sources.
build_src: building npy-pkg config files
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install.py:37: SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning: setup.py install is deprecated. Use build and pip and other standards-based tools.
  setuptools.SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning,
running build_ext
customize UnixCCompiler
customize UnixCCompiler using build_ext
customize Gnu95FCompiler
Found executable /usr/bin/gfortran
customize Gnu95FCompiler using build_ext
building 'bbconv' extension
compiling C sources
C compiler: gcc -pthread -B /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/compiler_compat -Wl,--sysroot=/ -Wsign-compare -DNDEBUG -g -fwrapv -O3 -Wall -Wstrict-prototypes -fPIC

creating /tmp/tmpucb66eej/tmp
creating /tmp/tmpucb66eej/tmp/tmpucb66eej
creating /tmp/tmpucb66eej/tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
compile options: '-DNPY_DISABLE_OPTIMIZATION=1 -I/usr/include -I/tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7 -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/include/python3.7m -c'
gcc: /tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/bbconvmodule.c
gcc: /tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c
In file included from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarraytypes.h:1969,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarrayobject.h:1,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/arrayobject.h:4,
                 from /tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.h:13,
                 from /tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/bbconvmodule.c:16:
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_1_7_deprecated_api.h:17:2: warning:#warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " "#define NPY_NO_DEPRECATED_API NPY_1_7_API_VERSION" [-Wcpp]
 #warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " \
  ^~~~~~~
In file included from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarraytypes.h:1969,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarrayobject.h:1,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/arrayobject.h:4,
                 from /tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.h:13,
                 from /tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c:2:
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_1_7_deprecated_api.h:17:2: warning:#warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " "#define NPY_NO_DEPRECATED_API NPY_1_7_API_VERSION" [-Wcpp]
 #warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " \
  ^~~~~~~
/tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/bbconvmodule.c:137:12: warning: ‘f2py_size’ defined but not used [-Wunused-function]
 static int f2py_size(PyArrayObject* var, ...)
            ^~~~~~~~~
compiling Fortran sources
Fortran f77 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran f90 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -O2 -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran fix compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -O2 -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
compile options: '-I/usr/include -I/tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7 -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/include/python3.7m -c'
gfortran:f90: bbconv.f90
gfortran:f90: /tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/bbconv-f2pywrappers2.f90
/usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -Wall -g -shared /tmp/tmpucb66eej/tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/bbconvmodule.o /tmp/tmpucb66eej/tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.o /tmp/tmpucb66eej/bbconv.o /tmp/tmpucb66eej/tmp/tmpucb66eej/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/bbconv-f2pywrappers2.o -L/usr/local/lib -L/usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-redhat-linux/8 -L/usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-redhat-linux/8 -lgfortran -o ./bbconv.cpython-37m-x86_64-linux-gnu.so
Removing build directory /tmp/tmpucb66eej
f2py -m cloudpost -h cloudpost.pyf cloudpost.f90
Reading fortran codes...
	Reading file 'cloudpost.f90' (format:free)
Post-processing...
	Block: cloudpost
			Block: properties
Post-processing (stage 2)...
Saving signatures to file "./cloudpost.pyf"
analyzevars: charselector={'len': '15'} unhandled.analyzevars: charselector={'len': '15'} unhandled.f2py --fcompiler=gfortran --f90flags="-O2 -fPIC -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check " -I/usr/include -L/usr/local/lib -c cloudpost.pyf cloudpost.f90
Unknown vendor: "gfortran"
running build
running config_cc
unifing config_cc, config, build_clib, build_ext, build commands --compiler options
running config_fc
unifing config_fc, config, build_clib, build_ext, build commands --fcompiler options
running build_src
build_src
building extension "cloudpost" sources
creating /tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
f2py options: []
f2py: cloudpost.pyf
Reading fortran codes...
	Reading file 'cloudpost.pyf' (format:free)
Post-processing...
	Block: cloudpost
			Block: properties
Post-processing (stage 2)...
Building modules...
	Building module "cloudpost"...
		Creating wrapper for Fortran subroutine "properties"("properties")...
		Constructing wrapper function "properties"...
		  tau1_cloud,mass_cloud,num_cloud = properties(press,wavenum,nclouds,do_clouds,cloudnum,cloudprof,cloudrad,cloudsig)
	Wrote C/API module "cloudpost" to file "/tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/cloudpostmodule.c"
	Fortran 90 wrappers are saved to "/tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/cloudpost-f2pywrappers2.f90"
  adding '/tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c' to sources.
  adding '/tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7' to include_dirs.
copying /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/f2py/src/fortranobject.c -> /tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
copying /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/f2py/src/fortranobject.h -> /tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
  adding '/tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/cloudpost-f2pywrappers2.f90' to sources.
build_src: building npy-pkg config files
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install.py:37: SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning: setup.py install is deprecated. Use build and pip and other standards-based tools.
  setuptools.SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning,
running build_ext
customize UnixCCompiler
customize UnixCCompiler using build_ext
customize Gnu95FCompiler
Found executable /usr/bin/gfortran
customize Gnu95FCompiler using build_ext
building 'cloudpost' extension
compiling C sources
C compiler: gcc -pthread -B /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/compiler_compat -Wl,--sysroot=/ -Wsign-compare -DNDEBUG -g -fwrapv -O3 -Wall -Wstrict-prototypes -fPIC

creating /tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/tmp
creating /tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/tmp/tmppxqxgwfb
creating /tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
compile options: '-DNPY_DISABLE_OPTIMIZATION=1 -I/usr/include -I/tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7 -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/include/python3.7m -c'
gcc: /tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/cloudpostmodule.c
gcc: /tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c
In file included from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarraytypes.h:1969,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarrayobject.h:1,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/arrayobject.h:4,
                 from /tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.h:13,
                 from /tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c:2:
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_1_7_deprecated_api.h:17:2: warning:#warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " "#define NPY_NO_DEPRECATED_API NPY_1_7_API_VERSION" [-Wcpp]
 #warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " \
  ^~~~~~~
In file included from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarraytypes.h:1969,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarrayobject.h:1,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/arrayobject.h:4,
                 from /tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.h:13,
                 from /tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/cloudpostmodule.c:16:
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_1_7_deprecated_api.h:17:2: warning:#warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " "#define NPY_NO_DEPRECATED_API NPY_1_7_API_VERSION" [-Wcpp]
 #warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " \
  ^~~~~~~
/tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/cloudpostmodule.c:137:12: warning: ‘f2py_size’ defined but not used [-Wunused-function]
 static int f2py_size(PyArrayObject* var, ...)
            ^~~~~~~~~
compiling Fortran sources
Fortran f77 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran f90 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -O2 -fPIC -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran fix compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -O2 -fPIC -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
compile options: '-I/usr/include -I/tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7 -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/include/python3.7m -c'
gfortran:f90: cloudpost.f90
gfortran:f90: /tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/cloudpost-f2pywrappers2.f90
/usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -Wall -g -shared /tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/cloudpostmodule.o /tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.o /tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/cloudpost.o /tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/tmp/tmppxqxgwfb/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/cloudpost-f2pywrappers2.o -L/usr/local/lib -L/usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-redhat-linux/8 -L/usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-redhat-linux/8 -lgfortran -o ./cloudpost.cpython-37m-x86_64-linux-gnu.so
Removing build directory /tmp/tmppxqxgwfb
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 brewster]$ export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:/Users/912032971/brewster
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 brewster]$ python check_brewster.py
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "check_brewster.py", line 6, in <module>
    results = [ct.NoCloud_Tdwarf(xpath,xlist),ct.MieClouds_Ldwarf(xpath,xlist)]
  File "/Users/912032971/brewster/code_test.py", line 136, in NoCloud_Tdwarf
    inlinetemps,inwavenum,linelist,gasnum,nwave = testkit.get_opacities(gaslist,w1,w2,press,xpath,xlist,malk)
  File "/Users/912032971/brewster/testkit.py", line 1401, in get_opacities
    rawwavenum, inpress, inlinetemps, inlinelist = pickle.load(open(lists[0], "rb"))
FileNotFoundError: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: '/Volumes/DudleyDisk/LineLists/h2o_ucl2017_xsecs_R10K.pic'
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 brewster]$ nano code_test.py
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 brewster]$ nano check_brewster.py
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 brewster]$ python check_brewster.py
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "check_brewster.py", line 6, in <module>
    results = [ct.NoCloud_Tdwarf(xpath,xlist),ct.MieClouds_Ldwarf(xpath,xlist)]
  File "/Users/912032971/brewster/code_test.py", line 136, in NoCloud_Tdwarf
    inlinetemps,inwavenum,linelist,gasnum,nwave = testkit.get_opacities(gaslist,w1,w2,press,xpath,xlist,malk)
  File "/Users/912032971/brewster/testkit.py", line 1401, in get_opacities
    rawwavenum, inpress, inlinetemps, inlinelist = pickle.load(open(lists[0], "rb"))
FileNotFoundError: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: '/LineLists/h2o_ucl2017_xsecs_R10K.pic'
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 brewster]$ cd ../Linelists/
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Linelists]$ ls
 Archive.zip                    feh_xsecs_R10K.pic             mgh_xsecs_R10K.pic             R30Kopacities
 cah_xsecs_R10K.pic             h2o_ucl2017_xsecs_R10K.pic     Na_2021_NewTP_xsecs_R10K.pic   R30Kopacities.tar.gz
 ch4_xsecs_R10K.pic             h2o_xsecs_R10K.pic             Na_2021_xsecs_R10K.pic         Rb_2021_NewTP_xsecs_R10K.pic
 chem_eq_tables_P3K.pic         h2s_xsecs_R10K.pic             Na_Mike_xsecs_R10K.pic         Rb_2021_xsecs_R10K.pic
 co2_xsecs_R10K.pic             K_2021_NewTP_xsecs_R10K.pic    Na_xsecs_R10K.pic              Rb_xsecs_R10K.pic
 co_xsecs_R10K.pic              K_2021_xsecs_R10K.pic          nh3_xsecs_R10K.pic             Rox_new_xsecs.tar
 crh_xsecs_R10K.pic             K_Mike_xsecs_R10K.pic          ph3_xsecs_R10K.pic             tio_xsecs_R10K.pic
 Cs_2021_NewTP_xsecs_R10K.pic   K_xsecs_R10K.pic               PY3_crh_xsecs_R10K.pic         vo_xsecs_R10K.pic
 Cs_2021_xsecs_R10K.pic         Li_2021_NewTP_xsecs_R10K.pic   PY3_linepickles
 Cs_xsecs_R10K.pic              Li_2021_xsecs_R10K.pic        'PY3_linepickles 2'
 feh.tar.gz                     Li_xsecs_R10K.pic              PY3_linepickles.tar
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Linelists]$ cd ../
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ cd brewster/
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 brewster]$ nano check_brewster.py
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 brewster]$ python check_brewster.py
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "check_brewster.py", line 6, in <module>
    results = [ct.NoCloud_Tdwarf(xpath,xlist),ct.MieClouds_Ldwarf(xpath,xlist)]
  File "/Users/912032971/brewster/code_test.py", line 136, in NoCloud_Tdwarf
    inlinetemps,inwavenum,linelist,gasnum,nwave = testkit.get_opacities(gaslist,w1,w2,press,xpath,xlist,malk)
  File "/Users/912032971/brewster/testkit.py", line 1401, in get_opacities
    rawwavenum, inpress, inlinetemps, inlinelist = pickle.load(open(lists[0], "rb"))
FileNotFoundError: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: '../LineLists/h2o_ucl2017_xsecs_R10K.pic'
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 brewster]$ nano check_brewster.py
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 brewster]$ python check_brewster.py
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "check_brewster.py", line 6, in <module>
    results = [ct.NoCloud_Tdwarf(xpath,xlist),ct.MieClouds_Ldwarf(xpath,xlist)]
  File "/Users/912032971/brewster/code_test.py", line 136, in NoCloud_Tdwarf
    inlinetemps,inwavenum,linelist,gasnum,nwave = testkit.get_opacities(gaslist,w1,w2,press,xpath,xlist,malk)
  File "/Users/912032971/brewster/testkit.py", line 1401, in get_opacities
    rawwavenum, inpress, inlinetemps, inlinelist = pickle.load(open(lists[0], "rb"))
FileNotFoundError: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: '/Users/912032971/LineLists/h2o_ucl2017_xsecs_R10K.pic'
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 brewster]$ cd ../
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ pwd
/Users/912032971
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ cd Linelists/
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Linelists]$ pwd
/Users/912032971/Linelists
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Linelists]$ cd ../
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ cd brewster/
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 brewster]$ nano check_brewster.py
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 brewster]$ python check_brewster.py
*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-
------------------------------------------------------------
 Test for T dwarf case, forward model only, No clouds
------------------------------------------------------
mean value of modelspectrum / T benchmark = 0.9999999820866847
std deviation of modelspectrum / T benchmark = 5.966934924391658e-08
less than 1percent difference with T dwarf regime benchmark
-------------------------------------------------------

*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-
------------------------------------------------------------
 Test for L dwarf case, plotting via theta and testkit
 theta taken from 2M2224 case with Mie clouds
 crystalline enstatite slab + rust deck
 optical data as at February 2020 in benchmark spectrum
------------------------------------------------------
mean value of modelspectrum / L benchmark = 1.0000130384013122
std deviation of modelspectrum / L benchmark = 0.012520925318536725
less than 1percent difference with L dwarf regime benchmark
-------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------
Everything is as it was. No >1% differences with benchmark cases
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 brewster]$ sinfo
PARTITION   AVAIL  TIMELIMIT  NODES  STATE NODELIST
cpucluster*    up   12:00:00      2   idle lmn[01-02]
cputest        up    1:00:00      1   idle hmn01
gpucluster     up    4:00:00      1   idle gpu01
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 brewster]$ cd ../
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ ls
brewster  Clouds  Linelists  miniconda3  Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh  MultiNest-master  PyMultiNest-master
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ makedir Brewster_Ydwarfs
bash: makedir: command not found...
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ mkdir Brewster_Ydwarfs
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ ls
brewster  Brewster_Ydwarfs  Clouds  Linelists  miniconda3  Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh  MultiNest-master  PyMultiNest-master
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ cd Brewster_Ydwarfs/
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Brewster_Ydwarfs]$ make clean
rm -f *.o *.mod *.MOD f90wrap*  *.pyc *.pyf *.so
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Brewster_Ydwarfs]$ ./build
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -fbounds-check -frecord-marker=4 -fdefault-real-8 -fdefault-double-8 -std=legacy -I/usr/include -c *.f
DISORT.f:602:53:

             CALL LEPOLY( NCOS, MAZIM, MXCMU, NSTR-1, ANGCOS, SQT, YLM0 )
                                                     1
Warning: Rank mismatch in argument ‘mu’ at (1) (rank-1 and scalar) [-Wargument-mismatch]
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -ffree-line-length-none -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check  -I/usr/include -c sizes_mod.f90
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -ffree-line-length-none -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check  -I/usr/include -c phys_const_mod.f90
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -ffree-line-length-none -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check  -I/usr/include -c define_types_mod.f90
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -ffree-line-length-none -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check  -I/usr/include -c common_arrays_mod.f90
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -ffree-line-length-none -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check  -I/usr/include -c atmos_ops_mod.f90
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -ffree-line-length-none -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check  -I/usr/include -c gas_opacity_mod.f90
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -ffree-line-length-none -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check  -I/usr/include -c clouds_mod.f90
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -ffree-line-length-none -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check  -I/usr/include -c setup_RT_mod.f90
gfortran -O2 -fPIC -ffree-line-length-none -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check  -I/usr/include -c main_mod.f90
main_mod.f90:60:16:

     disorting = use_disort
                1
Warning: Extension: Conversion from INTEGER(4) to LOGICAL(4) at (1)
main_mod.f90:61:13:

     bfing  = do_bff
             1
Warning: Extension: Conversion from INTEGER(4) to LOGICAL(4) at (1)
gfortran -fPIC -shared -O2 *.o -o libmarvin.so
f2py -m forwardmodel -h forwardmodel.pyf sizes_mod.f90 marv.f90
Reading fortran codes...
	Reading file 'sizes_mod.f90' (format:free)
	Reading file 'marv.f90' (format:free)
Post-processing...
	Block: forwardmodel
			Block: sizes
				Block: initwave
				Block: initgas
				Block: initpatch
				Block: initcloud
				Block: initlayers
				Block: inittemps
			Block: marv
In: :forwardmodel:marv.f90:marv
get_useparameters: no module main info used by marv
{'typespec': 'integer', 'attrspec': ['parameter']}
In: :forwardmodel:marv.f90:marv
get_parameters:parameter 'nlinetemps' does not have value?!
Post-processing (stage 2)...
	Block: forwardmodel
		Block: unknown_interface
			Block: sizes
				Block: initwave
				Block: initgas
				Block: initpatch
				Block: initcloud
				Block: initlayers
				Block: inittemps
			Block: marv
Saving signatures to file "./forwardmodel.pyf"
analyzevars: charselector={'len': '15'} unhandled.analyzevars: charselector={'len': '15'} unhandled.analyzevars: charselector={'len': '15'} unhandled.analyzevars: charselector={'len': '15'} unhandled.f2py --fcompiler=gfortran --f90flags="-O2" -I/usr/include -L/usr/local/lib -c libmarvin.so forwardmodel.pyf marv.f90
Unknown vendor: "gfortran"
running build
running config_cc
unifing config_cc, config, build_clib, build_ext, build commands --compiler options
running config_fc
unifing config_fc, config, build_clib, build_ext, build commands --fcompiler options
running build_src
build_src
building extension "forwardmodel" sources
creating /tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
f2py options: []
f2py: forwardmodel.pyf
Reading fortran codes...
	Reading file 'forwardmodel.pyf' (format:free)
Post-processing...
	Block: forwardmodel
			Block: sizes
				Block: initwave
				Block: initgas
				Block: initpatch
				Block: initcloud
				Block: initlayers
				Block: inittemps
			Block: marv
In: forwardmodel.pyf:forwardmodel:unknown_interface:marv
get_useparameters: no module main info used by marv
Post-processing (stage 2)...
	Block: forwardmodel
		Block: unknown_interface
			Block: sizes
				Block: initwave
				Block: initgas
				Block: initpatch
				Block: initcloud
				Block: initlayers
				Block: inittemps
			Block: marv
Building modules...
	Building module "forwardmodel"...
		Creating wrapper for Fortran subroutine "marv"("marv")...
		Constructing wrapper function "marv"...
		  outspec,cl_phot_press,oth_phot_press,cfunc = marv(temp,logg,r2d2,ingasnum,logvmr,pcover,do_clouds,incloudnum,cloudrad,cloudsig,cloudprof,inlinetemps,inpress,inwavenum,inlinelist,cia,ciatemps,use_disort,make_cl_pspec,make_oth_pspec,make_cf,do_bff,bff)
		Constructing F90 module support for "sizes"...
		  Variables: nclouds ngas npatch nlayers maxlayers nlinetemps nciatemps ncwave nrad nmiewave maxwave maxpatch nwave
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initwave"...
			  initwave(val)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initgas"...
			  initgas(gasval)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initpatch"...
			  initpatch(pval)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initcloud"...
			  initcloud(pval)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initlayers"...
			  initlayers(pval)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.inittemps"...
			  inittemps(pval)
	Wrote C/API module "forwardmodel" to file "/tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/forwardmodelmodule.c"
	Fortran 90 wrappers are saved to "/tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/forwardmodel-f2pywrappers2.f90"
  adding '/tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c' to sources.
  adding '/tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7' to include_dirs.
copying /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/f2py/src/fortranobject.c -> /tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
copying /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/f2py/src/fortranobject.h -> /tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
  adding '/tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/forwardmodel-f2pywrappers2.f90' to sources.
build_src: building npy-pkg config files
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install.py:37: SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning: setup.py install is deprecated. Use build and pip and other standards-based tools.
  setuptools.SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning,
running build_ext
customize UnixCCompiler
customize UnixCCompiler using build_ext
customize Gnu95FCompiler
Found executable /usr/bin/gfortran
customize Gnu95FCompiler using build_ext
building 'forwardmodel' extension
compiling C sources
C compiler: gcc -pthread -B /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/compiler_compat -Wl,--sysroot=/ -Wsign-compare -DNDEBUG -g -fwrapv -O3 -Wall -Wstrict-prototypes -fPIC

creating /tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/tmp
creating /tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/tmp/tmpqpg_gii0
creating /tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
compile options: '-DNPY_DISABLE_OPTIMIZATION=1 -I/usr/include -I/tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7 -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/include/python3.7m -c'
gcc: /tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/forwardmodelmodule.c
gcc: /tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c
In file included from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarraytypes.h:1969,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarrayobject.h:1,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/arrayobject.h:4,
                 from /tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.h:13,
                 from /tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/forwardmodelmodule.c:16:
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_1_7_deprecated_api.h:17:2: warning:#warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " "#define NPY_NO_DEPRECATED_API NPY_1_7_API_VERSION" [-Wcpp]
 #warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " \
  ^~~~~~~
In file included from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarraytypes.h:1969,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarrayobject.h:1,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/arrayobject.h:4,
                 from /tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.h:13,
                 from /tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c:2:
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_1_7_deprecated_api.h:17:2: warning:#warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " "#define NPY_NO_DEPRECATED_API NPY_1_7_API_VERSION" [-Wcpp]
 #warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " \
  ^~~~~~~
/tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/forwardmodelmodule.c:177:12: warning: ‘f2py_size’ defined but not used [-Wunused-function]
 static int f2py_size(PyArrayObject* var, ...)
            ^~~~~~~~~
compiling Fortran sources
Fortran f77 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran f90 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -O2 -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran fix compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -O2 -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
compile options: '-I/usr/include -I/tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7 -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/include/python3.7m -c'
gfortran:f90: marv.f90
marv.f90:66:11:

   clphot = make_cl_pspec
           1
Warning: Extension: Conversion from INTEGER(4) to LOGICAL(4) at (1)
marv.f90:67:12:

   othphot = make_oth_pspec
            1
Warning: Extension: Conversion from INTEGER(4) to LOGICAL(4) at (1)
marv.f90:68:10:

   do_cf = make_cf
          1
Warning: Extension: Conversion from INTEGER(4) to LOGICAL(4) at (1)
gfortran:f90: /tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/forwardmodel-f2pywrappers2.f90
/usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -Wall -g -shared /tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/forwardmodelmodule.o /tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.o /tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/marv.o /tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/tmp/tmpqpg_gii0/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/forwardmodel-f2pywrappers2.o libmarvin.so -L/usr/local/lib -L/usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-redhat-linux/8 -L/usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-redhat-linux/8 -lgfortran -o ./forwardmodel.cpython-37m-x86_64-linux-gnu.so
Removing build directory /tmp/tmpqpg_gii0
f2py -m ciamod -h ciamod.pyf sizes_mod.f90 read_cia.f90
Reading fortran codes...
	Reading file 'sizes_mod.f90' (format:free)
	Reading file 'read_cia.f90' (format:free)
Post-processing...
	Block: ciamod
			Block: sizes
				Block: initwave
				Block: initgas
				Block: initpatch
				Block: initcloud
				Block: initlayers
				Block: inittemps
			Block: read_cia
{'typespec': 'integer', 'attrspec': ['parameter']}
In: :ciamod:read_cia.f90:read_cia
get_parameters:parameter 'nciatemps' does not have value?!
{'typespec': 'integer', 'attrspec': ['parameter']}
In: :ciamod:read_cia.f90:read_cia
get_parameters:parameter 'ncwave' does not have value?!
Post-processing (stage 2)...
	Block: ciamod
		Block: unknown_interface
			Block: sizes
				Block: initwave
				Block: initgas
				Block: initpatch
				Block: initcloud
				Block: initlayers
				Block: inittemps
			Block: read_cia
Saving signatures to file "./ciamod.pyf"
f2py --fcompiler=gfortran --f90flags="-O2" -I/usr/include -L/usr/local/lib -c ciamod.pyf sizes_mod.f90 read_cia.f90
Unknown vendor: "gfortran"
running build
running config_cc
unifing config_cc, config, build_clib, build_ext, build commands --compiler options
running config_fc
unifing config_fc, config, build_clib, build_ext, build commands --fcompiler options
running build_src
build_src
building extension "ciamod" sources
creating /tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
f2py options: []
f2py: ciamod.pyf
Reading fortran codes...
	Reading file 'ciamod.pyf' (format:free)
Post-processing...
	Block: ciamod
			Block: sizes
				Block: initwave
				Block: initgas
				Block: initpatch
				Block: initcloud
				Block: initlayers
				Block: inittemps
			Block: read_cia
Post-processing (stage 2)...
	Block: ciamod
		Block: unknown_interface
			Block: sizes
				Block: initwave
				Block: initgas
				Block: initpatch
				Block: initcloud
				Block: initlayers
				Block: inittemps
			Block: read_cia
Building modules...
	Building module "ciamod"...
		Creating wrapper for Fortran subroutine "read_cia"("read_cia")...
		Constructing wrapper function "read_cia"...
		  outcia,ciatemps = read_cia(filename,wavenum)
		Constructing F90 module support for "sizes"...
		  Variables: nclouds ngas npatch nlayers maxlayers nlinetemps nciatemps ncwave nrad nmiewave maxwave maxpatch nwave
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initwave"...
			  initwave(val)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initgas"...
			  initgas(gasval)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initpatch"...
			  initpatch(pval)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initcloud"...
			  initcloud(pval)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.initlayers"...
			  initlayers(pval)
			Constructing wrapper function "sizes.inittemps"...
			  inittemps(pval)
	Wrote C/API module "ciamod" to file "/tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/ciamodmodule.c"
	Fortran 90 wrappers are saved to "/tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/ciamod-f2pywrappers2.f90"
  adding '/tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c' to sources.
  adding '/tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7' to include_dirs.
copying /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/f2py/src/fortranobject.c -> /tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
copying /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/f2py/src/fortranobject.h -> /tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
  adding '/tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/ciamod-f2pywrappers2.f90' to sources.
build_src: building npy-pkg config files
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install.py:37: SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning: setup.py install is deprecated. Use build and pip and other standards-based tools.
  setuptools.SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning,
running build_ext
customize UnixCCompiler
customize UnixCCompiler using build_ext
customize Gnu95FCompiler
Found executable /usr/bin/gfortran
customize Gnu95FCompiler using build_ext
building 'ciamod' extension
compiling C sources
C compiler: gcc -pthread -B /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/compiler_compat -Wl,--sysroot=/ -Wsign-compare -DNDEBUG -g -fwrapv -O3 -Wall -Wstrict-prototypes -fPIC

creating /tmp/tmpy9eks50z/tmp
creating /tmp/tmpy9eks50z/tmp/tmpy9eks50z
creating /tmp/tmpy9eks50z/tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
compile options: '-DNPY_DISABLE_OPTIMIZATION=1 -I/usr/include -I/tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7 -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/include/python3.7m -c'
gcc: /tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/ciamodmodule.c
gcc: /tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c
In file included from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarraytypes.h:1969,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarrayobject.h:1,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/arrayobject.h:4,
                 from /tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.h:13,
                 from /tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/ciamodmodule.c:16:
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_1_7_deprecated_api.h:17:2: warning:#warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " "#define NPY_NO_DEPRECATED_API NPY_1_7_API_VERSION" [-Wcpp]
 #warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " \
  ^~~~~~~
In file included from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarraytypes.h:1969,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarrayobject.h:1,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/arrayobject.h:4,
                 from /tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.h:13,
                 from /tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c:2:
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_1_7_deprecated_api.h:17:2: warning:#warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " "#define NPY_NO_DEPRECATED_API NPY_1_7_API_VERSION" [-Wcpp]
 #warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " \
  ^~~~~~~
/tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/ciamodmodule.c:170:12: warning: ‘f2py_size’ defined but not used [-Wunused-function]
 static int f2py_size(PyArrayObject* var, ...)
            ^~~~~~~~~
compiling Fortran 90 module sources
Fortran f77 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran f90 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -O2 -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran fix compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -O2 -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
compile options: '-I/usr/include -I/tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7 -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/include/python3.7m -c'
extra options: '-J/tmp/tmpy9eks50z/ -I/tmp/tmpy9eks50z/'
gfortran:f90: sizes_mod.f90
compiling Fortran sources
Fortran f77 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran f90 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -O2 -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran fix compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -O2 -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
compile options: '-I/usr/include -I/tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7 -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/include/python3.7m -c'
extra options: '-J/tmp/tmpy9eks50z/ -I/tmp/tmpy9eks50z/'
gfortran:f90: read_cia.f90
gfortran:f90: /tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/ciamod-f2pywrappers2.f90
/usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -Wall -g -shared /tmp/tmpy9eks50z/tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/ciamodmodule.o /tmp/tmpy9eks50z/tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.o /tmp/tmpy9eks50z/sizes_mod.o /tmp/tmpy9eks50z/read_cia.o /tmp/tmpy9eks50z/tmp/tmpy9eks50z/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/ciamod-f2pywrappers2.o -L/usr/local/lib -L/usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-redhat-linux/8 -L/usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-redhat-linux/8 -lgfortran -o ./ciamod.cpython-37m-x86_64-linux-gnu.so
Removing build directory /tmp/tmpy9eks50z
f2py -m bbconv -h bbconv.pyf bbconv.f90
Reading fortran codes...
	Reading file 'bbconv.f90' (format:free)
Post-processing...
	Block: bbconv
			Block: prism
			Block: convfwhm
			Block: convr
Post-processing (stage 2)...
Saving signatures to file "./bbconv.pyf"
f2py --fcompiler=gfortran --f90flags="-O2" -I/usr/include -L/usr/local/lib -c bbconv.pyf bbconv.f90
Unknown vendor: "gfortran"
running build
running config_cc
unifing config_cc, config, build_clib, build_ext, build commands --compiler options
running config_fc
unifing config_fc, config, build_clib, build_ext, build commands --fcompiler options
running build_src
build_src
building extension "bbconv" sources
creating /tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
f2py options: []
f2py: bbconv.pyf
Reading fortran codes...
	Reading file 'bbconv.pyf' (format:free)
Post-processing...
	Block: bbconv
			Block: prism
			Block: convfwhm
			Block: convr
Post-processing (stage 2)...
Building modules...
	Building module "bbconv"...
		Creating wrapper for Fortran subroutine "prism"("prism")...
		Constructing wrapper function "prism"...
		  fratio_int = prism(obspec,modspec,resel)
		Creating wrapper for Fortran subroutine "convfwhm"("convfwhm")...
		Constructing wrapper function "convfwhm"...
		  fratio_int = convfwhm(obspec,modspec,fwhm)
		Creating wrapper for Fortran subroutine "convr"("convr")...
		Constructing wrapper function "convr"...
		  fratio_int = convr(obspec,modspec,r)
	Wrote C/API module "bbconv" to file "/tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/bbconvmodule.c"
	Fortran 90 wrappers are saved to "/tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/bbconv-f2pywrappers2.f90"
  adding '/tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c' to sources.
  adding '/tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7' to include_dirs.
copying /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/f2py/src/fortranobject.c -> /tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
copying /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/f2py/src/fortranobject.h -> /tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
  adding '/tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/bbconv-f2pywrappers2.f90' to sources.
build_src: building npy-pkg config files
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install.py:37: SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning: setup.py install is deprecated. Use build and pip and other standards-based tools.
  setuptools.SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning,
running build_ext
customize UnixCCompiler
customize UnixCCompiler using build_ext
customize Gnu95FCompiler
Found executable /usr/bin/gfortran
customize Gnu95FCompiler using build_ext
building 'bbconv' extension
compiling C sources
C compiler: gcc -pthread -B /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/compiler_compat -Wl,--sysroot=/ -Wsign-compare -DNDEBUG -g -fwrapv -O3 -Wall -Wstrict-prototypes -fPIC

creating /tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/tmp
creating /tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/tmp/tmpm0ns47hq
creating /tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
compile options: '-DNPY_DISABLE_OPTIMIZATION=1 -I/usr/include -I/tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7 -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/include/python3.7m -c'
gcc: /tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/bbconvmodule.c
gcc: /tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c
In file included from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarraytypes.h:1969,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarrayobject.h:1,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/arrayobject.h:4,
                 from /tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.h:13,
                 from /tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c:2:
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_1_7_deprecated_api.h:17:2: warning:#warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " "#define NPY_NO_DEPRECATED_API NPY_1_7_API_VERSION" [-Wcpp]
 #warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " \
  ^~~~~~~
In file included from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarraytypes.h:1969,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarrayobject.h:1,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/arrayobject.h:4,
                 from /tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.h:13,
                 from /tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/bbconvmodule.c:16:
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_1_7_deprecated_api.h:17:2: warning:#warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " "#define NPY_NO_DEPRECATED_API NPY_1_7_API_VERSION" [-Wcpp]
 #warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " \
  ^~~~~~~
/tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/bbconvmodule.c:137:12: warning: ‘f2py_size’ defined but not used [-Wunused-function]
 static int f2py_size(PyArrayObject* var, ...)
            ^~~~~~~~~
compiling Fortran sources
Fortran f77 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran f90 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -O2 -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran fix compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -O2 -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
compile options: '-I/usr/include -I/tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7 -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/include/python3.7m -c'
gfortran:f90: bbconv.f90
gfortran:f90: /tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/bbconv-f2pywrappers2.f90
/usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -Wall -g -shared /tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/bbconvmodule.o /tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.o /tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/bbconv.o /tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/tmp/tmpm0ns47hq/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/bbconv-f2pywrappers2.o -L/usr/local/lib -L/usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-redhat-linux/8 -L/usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-redhat-linux/8 -lgfortran -o ./bbconv.cpython-37m-x86_64-linux-gnu.so
Removing build directory /tmp/tmpm0ns47hq
f2py -m cloudpost -h cloudpost.pyf cloudpost.f90
Reading fortran codes...
	Reading file 'cloudpost.f90' (format:free)
Post-processing...
	Block: cloudpost
			Block: properties
Post-processing (stage 2)...
Saving signatures to file "./cloudpost.pyf"
analyzevars: charselector={'len': '15'} unhandled.analyzevars: charselector={'len': '15'} unhandled.f2py --fcompiler=gfortran --f90flags="-O2 -fPIC -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check " -I/usr/include -L/usr/local/lib -c cloudpost.pyf cloudpost.f90
Unknown vendor: "gfortran"
running build
running config_cc
unifing config_cc, config, build_clib, build_ext, build commands --compiler options
running config_fc
unifing config_fc, config, build_clib, build_ext, build commands --fcompiler options
running build_src
build_src
building extension "cloudpost" sources
creating /tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
f2py options: []
f2py: cloudpost.pyf
Reading fortran codes...
	Reading file 'cloudpost.pyf' (format:free)
Post-processing...
	Block: cloudpost
			Block: properties
Post-processing (stage 2)...
Building modules...
	Building module "cloudpost"...
		Creating wrapper for Fortran subroutine "properties"("properties")...
		Constructing wrapper function "properties"...
		  tau1_cloud,mass_cloud,num_cloud = properties(press,wavenum,nclouds,do_clouds,cloudnum,cloudprof,cloudrad,cloudsig)
	Wrote C/API module "cloudpost" to file "/tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/cloudpostmodule.c"
	Fortran 90 wrappers are saved to "/tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/cloudpost-f2pywrappers2.f90"
  adding '/tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c' to sources.
  adding '/tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7' to include_dirs.
copying /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/f2py/src/fortranobject.c -> /tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
copying /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/f2py/src/fortranobject.h -> /tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
  adding '/tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/cloudpost-f2pywrappers2.f90' to sources.
build_src: building npy-pkg config files
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install.py:37: SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning: setup.py install is deprecated. Use build and pip and other standards-based tools.
  setuptools.SetuptoolsDeprecationWarning,
running build_ext
customize UnixCCompiler
customize UnixCCompiler using build_ext
customize Gnu95FCompiler
Found executable /usr/bin/gfortran
customize Gnu95FCompiler using build_ext
building 'cloudpost' extension
compiling C sources
C compiler: gcc -pthread -B /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/compiler_compat -Wl,--sysroot=/ -Wsign-compare -DNDEBUG -g -fwrapv -O3 -Wall -Wstrict-prototypes -fPIC

creating /tmp/tmpux95wipe/tmp
creating /tmp/tmpux95wipe/tmp/tmpux95wipe
creating /tmp/tmpux95wipe/tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7
compile options: '-DNPY_DISABLE_OPTIMIZATION=1 -I/usr/include -I/tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7 -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/include/python3.7m -c'
gcc: /tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/cloudpostmodule.c
gcc: /tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c
In file included from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarraytypes.h:1969,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarrayobject.h:1,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/arrayobject.h:4,
                 from /tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.h:13,
                 from /tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.c:2:
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_1_7_deprecated_api.h:17:2: warning:#warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " "#define NPY_NO_DEPRECATED_API NPY_1_7_API_VERSION" [-Wcpp]
 #warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " \
  ^~~~~~~
In file included from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarraytypes.h:1969,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarrayobject.h:1,
                 from /Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/arrayobject.h:4,
                 from /tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.h:13,
                 from /tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/cloudpostmodule.c:16:
/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_1_7_deprecated_api.h:17:2: warning:#warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " "#define NPY_NO_DEPRECATED_API NPY_1_7_API_VERSION" [-Wcpp]
 #warning "Using deprecated NumPy API, disable it with " \
  ^~~~~~~
/tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/cloudpostmodule.c:137:12: warning: ‘f2py_size’ defined but not used [-Wunused-function]
 static int f2py_size(PyArrayObject* var, ...)
            ^~~~~~~~~
compiling Fortran sources
Fortran f77 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran f90 compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -O2 -fPIC -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
Fortran fix compiler: /usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -ffixed-form -fno-second-underscore -O2 -fPIC -frecord-marker=4 -fbounds-check -fPIC -O3 -funroll-loops
compile options: '-I/usr/include -I/tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7 -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy/core/include -I/Users/912032971/miniconda3/envs/retrievals/include/python3.7m -c'
gfortran:f90: cloudpost.f90
gfortran:f90: /tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/cloudpost-f2pywrappers2.f90
/usr/bin/gfortran -Wall -g -Wall -g -shared /tmp/tmpux95wipe/tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/cloudpostmodule.o /tmp/tmpux95wipe/tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/fortranobject.o /tmp/tmpux95wipe/cloudpost.o /tmp/tmpux95wipe/tmp/tmpux95wipe/src.linux-x86_64-3.7/cloudpost-f2pywrappers2.o -L/usr/local/lib -L/usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-redhat-linux/8 -L/usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-redhat-linux/8 -lgfortran -o ./cloudpost.cpython-37m-x86_64-linux-gnu.so
Removing build directory /tmp/tmpux95wipe
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Brewster_Ydwarfs]$ nano check_brewster.py
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Brewster_Ydwarfs]$ python check_brewster.py
*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-
------------------------------------------------------------
 Test for T dwarf case, forward model only, No clouds
------------------------------------------------------
mean value of modelspectrum / T benchmark = 0.9999999820866847
std deviation of modelspectrum / T benchmark = 5.966934924391658e-08
less than 1percent difference with T dwarf regime benchmark
-------------------------------------------------------

*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-
------------------------------------------------------------
 Test for L dwarf case, plotting via theta and testkit
 theta taken from 2M2224 case with Mie clouds
 crystalline enstatite slab + rust deck
 optical data as at February 2020 in benchmark spectrum
------------------------------------------------------
mean value of modelspectrum / L benchmark = 1.0000130384013122
std deviation of modelspectrum / L benchmark = 0.012520925318536725
less than 1percent difference with L dwarf regime benchmark
-------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------
Everything is as it was. No >1% differences with benchmark cases
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Brewster_Ydwarfs]$ cd ../Linelists/
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Linelists]$ ls
 Archive.zip                    feh_xsecs_R10K.pic             mgh_xsecs_R10K.pic             R30Kopacities
 cah_xsecs_R10K.pic             h2o_ucl2017_xsecs_R10K.pic     Na_2021_NewTP_xsecs_R10K.pic   R30Kopacities.tar.gz
 ch4_xsecs_R10K.pic             h2o_xsecs_R10K.pic             Na_2021_xsecs_R10K.pic         Rb_2021_NewTP_xsecs_R10K.pic
 chem_eq_tables_P3K.pic         h2s_xsecs_R10K.pic             Na_Mike_xsecs_R10K.pic         Rb_2021_xsecs_R10K.pic
 co2_xsecs_R10K.pic             K_2021_NewTP_xsecs_R10K.pic    Na_xsecs_R10K.pic              Rb_xsecs_R10K.pic
 co_xsecs_R10K.pic              K_2021_xsecs_R10K.pic          nh3_xsecs_R10K.pic             Rox_new_xsecs.tar
 crh_xsecs_R10K.pic             K_Mike_xsecs_R10K.pic          ph3_xsecs_R10K.pic             tio_xsecs_R10K.pic
 Cs_2021_NewTP_xsecs_R10K.pic   K_xsecs_R10K.pic               PY3_crh_xsecs_R10K.pic         vo_xsecs_R10K.pic
 Cs_2021_xsecs_R10K.pic         Li_2021_NewTP_xsecs_R10K.pic   PY3_linepickles
 Cs_xsecs_R10K.pic              Li_2021_xsecs_R10K.pic        'PY3_linepickles 2'
 feh.tar.gz                     Li_xsecs_R10K.pic              PY3_linepickles.tar
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Linelists]$ cd ../
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 ~]$ cd Brewster_Ydwarfs/
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Brewster_Ydwarfs]$ mkdir Results/G570D_test/
mkdir: cannot create directory ‘Results/G570D_test/’: No such file or directory
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Brewster_Ydwarfs]$ mkdir Results
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Brewster_Ydwarfs]$ cd Results/
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Results]$ mkdir G570D
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Results]$ ls
G570D
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Results]$ echo $SHELL
/bin/bash
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Results]$ sinfo
PARTITION   AVAIL  TIMELIMIT  NODES  STATE NODELIST
cpucluster*    up   12:00:00      2   idle lmn[01-02]
cputest        up    1:00:00      1   idle hmn01
gpucluster     up    4:00:00      1   idle gpu01
(retrievals) [912032971@n1 Results]$
